Owen Smith hey how you feeling I feel
good man I'm I'm excited we cheer
serious man come on man I love ya we
just tested on um yes
negative it's apparently it's been some
controversy about this so just let me
write let everybody know right away
there's no shortage of antibody tests
what we're using there's no shortage of
them people saying why are people on the
front lines a lot of people it's just
misunderstanding and confusion these
tests there's no shortage of I
understand some people in some places
have a hard time getting access to the
test that's not the case here so I've
taken upon myself to test everybody as
they come into the studio this is not
taking away from anybody that's on the
front lines it's not taking tests away
from any medical workers the test that
they would use for them particularly the
act they're using swabs
I mean look man those fucking people
that are working in those hospitals and
the medical workers those people are
legit heroes yes you know and if I found
out that there was something we were
doing that was somehow another taking
away from their ability to be tested I
would never do it you know so people got
upset apparently because well also
people writing articles about things
because there's you know it's like it's
a hot topic right in their home - yeah I
get it you know but when I posted that
donnell and I were rona free people like
somewhat someone posted some story
whether it was hilarious did I go out of
my way to not read comments and there's
motherfuckers are writing stories where
they're taking comments from Instagram
and using them as quotes just some
random Magoo that's posting something in
this one of them said we were a low-key
flexing that we had tests
yes that's just someone just looking to
use the term logo flexing and they don't
have any place for its label Loki
flexing he's got a corona test so it's a
it's a test that tests you for
antibodies and you'e laughing at my face
the entire time thinking of their also
something that I shared with you earlier
today there was a new study that Jamie T
V could pull up that study it is out of
I think it's out of UCLA is that what
it's out of its it says early antibody
tests indicate far more cases and a much
lower mortality rate right so they think
there's at least 400,000 people have
been infected in in California so the
mortality rate is way way lower than
they previously thought it was at least
in California you know it obviously
varies this is a crazy disease it's
crazy it doesn't make any sense
it varies depending upon what your
physical condition whether or not you've
been smoking whether or not there's
apparently a great benefit to exercising
regularly even while you have it if you
catch it exercising mmm but then there
was this fucking crazy thing what does
that guy's name the Fox thing okay put
up will do the first I find it's LA
Times it's got the subscription blocker
on oh these sons of bitches here I'll
send you another one there's a there's
one on la comm I belong the LA Times I
can give you my look at you I support
journalism I do
like movies there I could get it I just
don't have the time for that here it
goes
early antibody test fit of indicates far
more kovat 19 cases lower mortality rate
there's a decrease in the number of
deaths the study indicates that there
could be hundreds of thousands of people
could be infected without knowing it
that's what's so weird about it let me
ask you this question though can you
explain mortality rates like yes the
amount of people that get it how many of
them died so if it's a high mortality
rate is it Yeah right like Ebola right
vicious mortality rate yes really but
Reap rabies the worst 100%
rabies is like 99.99% the only time they
if they catch it before the the symptom
set in you survive survive but if they
don't catch it for the symptoms look if
you just get rabies you don't get over
it unless every black person I know
always crosses the street when you see a
random dog communities and people don't
have their dogs to go it's okay safe
like take your word for this this nobody
loves dogs more than me I love dogs but
random dogs like you never know what
someone did to that dog you know you
never know how people treat that dog
yeah and I've had a bunch of sketchy
dogs have had dogs that I got from the
pound that was super sketchy jesus knew
I came home once one of my dogs killed
my other dog oh my living room and my
living room was a goddamn crime scene
I've had some I've had some bad
experiences with dogs when I was a kid
we adopted a dog that had two Stamper a
Doberman and he stood he started like
his eyes were like glazed over he's a
snarling barking oh my ho Jesus Christ
I couldn't yeah we I grew up in
apartment so we we couldn't have dogs
and then uh so I had a cat named taco my
dad gave him to me and I went to go
visit him in the Bahamas he gave me a
cat I think he knew it would piss my mom
off growing up cake from the Conliffe
bakery that they that they have over
there and end in a cat my mom was pissed
see if you can find this conversation
Jaime that there it's so and it's it
says they're joking but it also has a
question that says out there joke no but
that's mediate says there J right yeah
every other website is not saying
they're joking it doesn't sound like
they're joking I think they're trying to
come up with some sort of a cover for it
but let's let's play what what he said
it's John Roberts who is a correspondent
for Fox and then who is the other guy
the other guy who works for the New York
Times
Doug mills he's a photographer Doug okay
so now let's it says apparently joking I
doesn't sound like you're joking play
play what it says because John let me
explain it here John Roberts comes in
and it's gonna play an ad before this
Jamie so kill the volume John Roberts
comes in and when he comes in he's not
wearing a mask and he tells the other
gentleman you could take the mask off
and he tells them about this LA study go
ahead play it here everybody USC Anana
County Public Health
there's 7,000 cases in California
so here's here's what's weird about that
one that guy says well we've all been
vaccinated here anyway right now maybe
he was joking maybe he's got a weird
sense of humor long joke it's a weird
joke weird yeah now they have done some
trial vaccines there are some vaccines
that are in trial there was a woman in
Seattle she was the first person to get
tested and I sent this stuff to Matt
Staggs earlier today and he sent
something to me there there have been
several different there's 70 coronavirus
vaccines right now that are under
development with three in human trials
okay so there there have been some
things going on right now and the first
person treated with the corona virus is
in Seattle there's an article about that
what she's talking about getting tested
but yeah this this guy saying we've all
been vaccinated like I don't know what
that means it's hard to tell people
people have weird sense of humor right
like if you listen to comics right and
if you took some of the shit that we say
like we say ridiculous shit all the time
and we get used to it right maybe they
say ridiculous shit too I don't so
they're dealing with right now right but
the other guy coming in saying you don't
have to wear a mask so Roberts comes in
with no mask on yeah it says you don't
need a mask to take the mask off yeah
well that study's weird man
because okay maybe maybe I believe the
mortality rate is correct I believe that
it's way less deadly than they thought
it was but they had to prepare for
something that they thought was gonna be
real deadly because it's real deadly in
Italy so but the question is like
there's so many questions why is it so
deadly in Italy is it because they're
older people is it because
they smoke why is it so deadly New York
City like is it because they're stacked
on top of each other is it
oh definitely definitely definitely that
hash them something to know distancing
their also okay so I you know have a
office and I get Luber eats and when
it's things start to pop in my each
driver was an older black man he's
walking like mad close to me like it was
up he goes black people can't get this
right so I get the thing I'm gonna part
of me was like okay but alright why am I
taking advice from is this the uber
driver guy then a personal friend of
mine his dad will also know black ski
trip he started this black ski
organization and they went to Idaho and
they came back and a lot of the they
were older gentleman but a lot of them
got infected with the virus to of since
passed away from it so they and their
son is it's in the it's in the LA Times
it's the first article his son did a day
by day social media post to try to turn
the the narrative that black folks you
can catch this this is what's happened
to my dad he was like 61 I want to say
and so I I so that's why I was very
nervous in the face when we when we took
the test it's like I want to have the
confidence that that man had walking in
the room but I'm also very I'm more of
safe than sorry
then the I can't wait to be a dead space
you could take your mask oh you don't I
mean I mean I I you know there's I have
two young children I'm just like I'm
yeah I'm just I'm more of the caution
side but I'm not telling anyone but they
should believe when I believe but just
for me I'm just like I'm hearing about
what it does to you like just just hang
about what it does to your lungs and how
to expand it makes it hard for air to
get through when you need a ventilator
and in all it that you like what a
feelings collapse which is what happened
to one of these gentlemen and and it's
just it's it's a wrap but up but it is
like I don't know I I don't know the
specifics of how anything else plays out
but I am also hearing
from the other side of people who are
who are like fairly you know within my
six degrees who are succumbing to it so
I'm just like uh you know that's great
and but I I um I'm not there yet like
you I mean like I think Lee so I am more
like first of all anybody can catch it
but second of all I think that if your
immune system has any holes in it that
shit gets in right and and it can fuck
you up look at Michael yo Michael yo is
a healthy guy he's strong he lifts
weights all the time right he's
relatively young and he's 45 right you
know Michael he was in good shape he's
not overweight yes
are you see real bad oh I didn't know
that hospitalized for a week said he
thought he was gonna die
he scared the fuck out him right when
when I heard it was him oh you know he
was texting me said I would call you
right now but I can't talk I was like
wow yeah man cuz of what it well it like
physically does and so when I was going
to the grocery store like that that's
when I was the most horrified because
that's when you kind of get a
temperature of how everyone is and so
when I went early on people like you six
feet away like people with joking and
then there was something happened and
people started kind of taking it as
serious as you know yeah people could in
and yeah I mean I'm just I have a very
cautious mom I'm just a safe I'm I'm the
most reckless on stage but that's true
about you yeah I never thought about it
that way like you're like a real safe
guy off stage yeah man yeah man and it's
just I
I've seen it could almost be like a
funny movie right every time one of my
friends go fuck it man I'm just gonna
live in the moment pow
what happened to Tommy Tommy God gotta
be careful I yet I mean it's just like I
have so many just stories or memories
from my childhood people man fuck you
gotta live for now gone you don't I mean
so it's just like and I you know so I'm
back and I'm back and forth on that
moment so when I saw him walk in that
guy looked like he was in shape he
worked out
and there are a lot of people in Trader
Joe's lines like him you know I mean
like when you're standing line is that
you don't need a man like those people
and it's just like it's not for me man I
don't know what I don't want to bring
anything home to my young kids so if it
was just me in the crib I would be
trying to get last days puss yeah but
I'm married happily married so my brain
I'm not I am super cautious it's like
single single people are fucked right
now right if you live by yourself an
apartment you're not allowed to leave
you can't go to work anymore so you're
crazy you can't fucking if you fuck
someone it better be just one person
yeah real careful yeah y'all go together
It's A Wrap that's your person it
bothers me this the restrictions on
personal liberties I think it's good I
think I'm very here's like here's what
I'm happy about I'm happy that so many
people have done the social distancing
thing and quarantined and kept away yeah
almost everybody I know every most
everybody knows just staying home my
kids are home doing home school all my
friends kids are home doing home school
they're staying home from work everyone
staying home and we we don't go anywhere
you know I come here I go home that's it
that's my life just stay put stay put
just let let the fucking dust settle
yeah it's great in that way but it's
also scary for all these fucking people
that have businesses it's scarier for
people that have compromised immune
systems oh my gosh this is the weirdest
time of our lives
yeah I think but we were talking earlier
I think that the planet needs this break
yeah because as soon as we stayed in for
like a week it started raining in LA has
the best air quality in all of the world
right just stay in the house for yeah I
mean it's kind of crazy and is it is
weird man oh I'm curious to see what
happens when the other side of this but
like our industry is far cuz you got a
life a tort I was supposed to pop off
yeah like that kind of stuff is just
like I have a sold-out show in Vancouver
last night in an arena
couldn't do it we moved it to October
literally that's the last of the worries
my health is fine I'm worried about
health more than anything right and I'm
worried about the economy I'm worried
about people that like my friend Adam
Perry Lang who owns APL restaurants like
my favorite steakhouse in LA yeah he's
he's spending most of his time cooking
for hospital workers and bringing food
to them so that's giving him a sense of
purpose but through all this and they're
doing like curbside pickup or people can
order food online it's an amazing
steakhouse but they might not they might
not make it and I was texting with him
last night he I'm gonna get him on the
podcast soon he was saying that for his
friends in the restaurant industry it's
so grave it's like everyone is barely
hanging on and they might drop off left
and right mean we might lose half our
restaurants oh yeah you know did you
hear about what happened when they did
the small business loan and Ruth's Chris
Steakhouse got it and none of the
waiters got it none of them just go
straight straight to the business they
think the idea is look if you give it to
the waiters and the business goes under
the waiters won't have a job when the
business comes back so they keep the
business open the waiters will have a
job when everything comes back we just
need more we need to figure out you know
these people have to be able to work and
if they can't work we got to figure out
a way to sustain them and I don't know
nobody's ever figured this out before
nobody's ever had to do this well they
they burn through that small business
loan shit in like that yeah they were
saying this because it was supposed to
be for companies 500 employees or less
but Bill Gates Jeff Bezos timestep but
which are doing yeah how much money
would Jeff Bezos have left if he gave
everybody $1,000 listen he would he
would be everybody everybody in this
country in this country attending 20
million dollars he gave everybody a
thousand do the math Jamie I'm gonna say
how many more on is that billions of
well it's a thousand million is a
billion so be 300 billion so you'd be
broke we'd be broke
paper broke instantly crazy imagine if
you did that just became a hippie sir
give up been an asshole it's like people
don't remember Bill Gates the old Bill
Gates right people see Bill Gates now I
see Bill Gates now and I see
guy was wearing an outfit here's an
outfit yeah it's like he's got a like
spider-man like he puts on a spider
Malick this is my really nice rich guy
thing got a sweater bitch it's a hundred
degrees outside why you got that sweater
with a shirt underneath it it's secretly
ventilated and yeah did you ever have a
t-shirt on does Bill Gates a movie show
I heard he had a house where when you
walk into a room it recognizes like how
you like the temperature like you're a
band yes pen yeah it would change the
temperature it would make coffee that
you like and I was like my I was single
when I heard about this I think I wish I
had that because that's how the girl no
it was over this code changed the
sentence artwork flips over right right
but I mean yeah he called this though he
called Iowa we weren't ready to man
Demick like years ago 15 2015 yeah yes
well he set it up he's the mastermind
one of the Incredibles like the bad guy
and he goes I'm just confused by his
outfit cuz it's like he's dressing up
like mr. Rogers on purpose he wants you
to think of him in a different way he's
a savage man most ruthless motherfucker
when he was running Microsoft that's why
Microsoft guts are you right they were
take no prisoners businessmen yes take
no prisoners yeah he's but he's
pretending like he's you know I kind of
loved that shit though like when people
cuz you just have to know how to look
for it right yeah like like I don't
trust anybody that doesn't cuss on stage
you know it's like come on man that's a
button-up tee shirt with a collar
everything has a collar though but
that's a long time ago that looks like
about 15 years old it's a nice career
though hey dad look at that crew why is
Lulu does like the Forrest Gump after me
where's that connected like so dumb a
lot of money and use like I'll take it
yeah amazing amazing man
I don't know I'm a big fan
yeah I wasn't about him yeah I was in a
restaurant he owned he just he was like
walking through shaking hands Luda my
friend Jeremy raw shout-out to Jeremy
directed his first video Jeremy and I
went to college together and he directed
his first two and input Luda on the map
so I've always been a fan of Luda but
I've and I'm what I like about his
career is that he's like he's not
somebody you would think of but when
he's in there you don't mind that he's
there I know what I mean like when I was
watching The Fast and the Furious movies
like I'm the biggest fan
in the world of muscle cars of those 19
muscle cars and I never watched one of
those fucking movies oh you gotta watch
it amuse me
just because you get to you get the best
of both world over Bray is 69 Chargers
ridiculous ridiculous man but yeah man I
got a thank you man since I was here
last you you lit a flame under me you
challenged me to put notebooks out yes
it's out its out yeah we were talking
about last time folks that comedians we
a lot of us keep our old old notebooks
right and it's like three years ago
right close to it yeah so three years
ago own you got a hold mean you said do
you have any old notebooks I'm doing
this show and I'm like oh shit I saved a
bunch of them and I found some from like
1992 yes and they were so terrible the
Comedy Store it is fucking ruthlessly
embarrassing yes it's so bad how so they
do these premises are so awful and so
you put it on YouTube now which is the
way to go
yeah I'm so glad you did that and so
this is available is it Owen Smith TV
that you're saving yeah Owen Smith
comedy is it Owen Smith TV almost
winning TV but they we created this page
but if you got almost with comedy that
like that won't come up you have to do
YouTube I need your help in fixing that
but that's confusing if you go to
youtube.com
backslash Owen Smith TV you'll get this
what if you just sir
okay Oh in notebooks on just go to Owen
TV yeah Smith TV okay yeah subscribe
scribe notifications yes and so help me
be able to do more of these yes
how many of you six we put out four and
I'm a release two more coming up so if
you get on if you subscribe you know
you'll know when they're coming out
sooner I might do something for you guys
got Neal Brennan Alonzo Bodden yeah Eric
Griffin yep and you Oh beautiful
yeah man come on fess yeah man it was it
was great because everybody has a
different approach to the craft and I
didn't know that Eric and Alonzo took
comedy classes really yes and this guy
named Lenny ostrich Todd Alonzo and
Lenny I know the name now I don't know I
don't know if you if someone like kind
of does mean kind of foul or whatever I
forget about it like it helps me to just
live I don't carry it good for you I
wish i so I was like name and then as
I'm editing it I know that mother when I
met him he was running a comedy club
called the fall out it was called the
funny firm and then it became the fall
out and then it literally fell out like
later but I moved to Chicago in 95 and
what I loved about the room is you could
perform downstairs and then you would
run upstairs and perform huh and then
you come back down sit and do another
one and so on a Saturday night you could
do six shows cuz they would do three
shows right Wow
Yeah right when I started papering the
room and all of that so I went to
audition you know I go just let me do a
guess it he hired me he goes uh do the
rest of the night I was like that at the
end of the night he pays everybody but
me and he goes I got spots for you and I
was like I get some money in like two
other comics Dwayne Kennedy and ty
Phipps they go that's bullshit and they
gave me some of their money and I never
forgot them for that I went home that
night I turn on the TV
Dwayne Kennedy got to handing me the
money he's in an episode of Amen playing
Halle Berry's boyfriend like
who the fuck is this guy he gave me but
that's like my friend to this day I
don't remember who I don't remember yeah
man he was the fee was early on it yeah
how many times you brush your teeth and
breast strips you go ahead get Listerine
and having friends check your pit scum
smelly man am I good am i good how did
you want to rehearse I know you going to
her room she's so pretty I met her
recently at the UFC and she's got to be
like 53 or something she looks like
she's 35 years old she looks perfect
yeah she looks like a perfectly in shape
35 year old woman I mean how old she's
gotta be able to open dude she looks
amazing she was in John wick 3 yes she
was amazing man oh yeah yeah he was 53
dude just the way she moves yeah the way
she moves like everything machines she's
so fit so fit it's incredible yeah and
she does a lot of workouts online she's
doing a lot of workouts online well just
all the shit's going down yeah yeah it
was some guy with fabulous like long
hair then we're gonna do curls it's like
really it's her partner that's the
weirdest thing when a guy and a girl
together and they say this is my
partner's my partner are you just
fucking like what what is what is a
partner this is my partner sits like a
man said that to me once yeah I was
talking about this yeah I was doing this
thing with my partner I'm like um first
of all I think are you gay you're right
if you first of all you know if you're
gay in 2020 why are you saying my
boyfriend or my husband right you know
partner I know it's like a woman you're
talking about a woman but you're not in
business together your partner yeah I
went on vacation with my partner like
mmm yeah what is that
partner yeah you guys have a firm yeah
it's a married man I'm like man you have
some courage man get in there everybody
no no live with for a little yeah figure
it out when people say I don't want to
live with somebody I just want to get
married like that's
stake that is where it happens yes that
is that happily-ever-after shit is for
the movies where is real is when you
live together mm-hmm and you and his
little shit is little shit man how you
squeeze the toothpaste right that's it
over time whether or not you clean up
yes yes somebody keeping score or
whatever like yeah cooks who does dishes
can't care can you load a dishwasher
can't complain
stupid shit man I feel like we've talked
about this all day oh how do you deal
with it cuz you ain't going nowhere
right it's like the big one is one
bathroom oh if you if you if you only
have enough money for one bathroom you
shouldn't be in a relationship or you
gotta really know each other like you
spent so many nights yeah together like
so many weekends together you stay at
her place or she stays at your place I
want that one bathroom yeah this is a
reality when you walk in the bathroom
right after a girl takes our fucking
rank shit and if it's cold out then you
gotta open up the window and you're like
oh good lord
so you're sitting there smelling her
shit freezing yes trying to take your
own shit on top of her shit that y'all
not gonna make it you need to make it
two bathrooms yeah yeah depends from me
I like it depends on the chemistry of
the person yeah there's some people that
things will set you off I mean like I
can't but then there's another people
that there's you like them so much that
little thing ain't shit the same thing
well you know some dates I'm sure you
went on when you were single where a
girl just did one little stupid thing
like this is over yes yes yes but like
if you really were into her that same
thing like whatever she's having a rough
day now I was fucked up I'll be nice to
it out thing and then they out yeah yeah
man certain things you just you know for
me or something yeah people that insult
you people they like you and then they
try to like put you down and try to fuck
with you man
just like they're doing it to try to
like diminish you there's some sort of a
weird way like and they're not even
funny right oh but sometimes people grew
up like that
yeah their mom and their dad did that to
each other and so they don't know how to
behave no in a relationship and that's
what that's the definition of love love
it like to you yeah and if it doesn't
match what it looks like to you y'all
ain't gonna make it exactly the UM yeah
man I was all over the place with that
like I've had I'm in my dated this one
girl she smoked a lot of weed right mom
didn't mind that but she also smoked
cigarettes so I was like damn pick one
night and I wish it was just a weed so
that's usually i'ma quit when I'm 30 27
now I got a way out so I couldn't like
it then that's weird but I was still
okay cuz she was she was fun this is
like the closest he was mad fun and then
she had like student loan financial
shield on top of it I was like I'm out
[Laughter]
but real talk she got it together when
she got on the other side of 30 and
itchy yeah we're friendly now but I
still it was a gamble like I gotta ya
know I had financial shit I'll tell you
that her debt becomes your debt she was
like she was a a cereal degree person I
she had like degrees so her shit was
high it wasn't like oh dude that is the
biggest goddamn scam going cuz no matter
what happens in your life you have to
pay back those student loans yeah if you
owe money to any and you can go bankrupt
you know trying to bankrupt and you
don't have to pay back your business
folds you can go bankrupt but Sallie Mae
is like I don't give a fuck you owe
student loans you're paying now thirteen
yeah pay - do you know there's people
today that have Social Security docked
for their student loans imagine you're
at the end of the game and your Social
Security taking your Social Security to
pay off some bullshit debt for a loan
that didn't do you any good because here
you are collecting Social Security broke
is fog right and they take spending on
it it probably took a good-sized chunk
oh yeah oh yeah
hey if you're just gonna die and that's
gonna help you die quicker who's gonna
be thinking about it at the park tried
to feed the pigeons makes a degree yeah
man I paid my shit off I was so happy
and I don't really use it I kind of use
it and what was your degree I was
finance so you say finance if you have
money just finance doing and I and I
studied Japanese for like a year
really yeah man I was gonna go over
there and I'm a director named Christine
Swanson she just directed The Clark
Sisters uh movie that came out on
lifetime did over like 11 million
million views her and her husband Mike
Swanson they were they were dating at
Notre Dame at the time they were like
you should take two like they were like
sit down and like looking me and
checking with me and just go you should
do this and I would do it so they what I
used to take Japanese and I started
taking Japanese and I liked it I really
enjoyed and I learned I was getting like
these culture classes because I was
gonna go over there and I and I I'm an
asshole so I would like mimic the
teacher but I was literally but she
enjoyed because I was actually saying it
natively so I wasn't being like a dick
because I enjoy like I just notice how
she was saying it no one else was saying
it so I'm gonna just say it like her so
she would be like on come on well you
know be like ah like I would like lean
into it you know you know you know this
guy sukashi just named like you would
just like what's going on these days
you've been busy like it's just like and
so how well are you good at this I got
into it because it's also like it's I
was just fascinated by why Japanese
literacy rate was like so much higher
than ours is because their alphabet they
have three alphabets and so there's this
hit Agana katakana and kanji and kanji
is what everybody gets tattoos of so I
was just fascinated with like the art of
it and shit and so what's the difference
in three um so katakana is more syllabic
like it's like how you speak so so I
could write your name and cut in
katakana I think yeah yeah yeah I'm
rusty so I could have messed up just now
you got it and I'm also drinking a
little scotch
but uh what am i doing you whiskey
whiskey image image but um but uh but
and so one is one is per syllable so you
can take like American words and write
that in Japanese and in the Japanese
person go oh that's how they pronounce
names right so so if your name is I
don't know
d'Artagnan you could do that in Japan
you know they were good night know and
then um and if but but kanji one kanji
could mean several different things so
you have to know in in the context in
which you're using it and I'm
left-handed so I naturally would look at
stuff from right to left and that's how
they read oh this way so their books go
the opposite way and so I was kind of
like in my son can't say like the letter
L right now everything is W so I'm like
he's like naturally like he should be
learning Chinese or Japanese now I think
just because the way is his tongue and
stuff is forming he's he'll be like yo
you know and I'm like we will make fun
you know kids do that all kids but I'm
like maybe so but when I was learning it
I I just got really into it because it
took like a lot of like detail to like
figure it out and it started sticking
with me and then I started doing comedy
in college and I started on the weekends
I would drive to like Des Moines Iowa
and do a funny bone and come back you
know and they were like you still won't
go to Japan I was like now I know it
like I found what I was going to do so I
just didn't I never went
so I I kind of that's a trip I've always
wanted to take and see how much of it
like comes back to me cuz I was I was
pretty good at it and I loved and then
and then I started learning Chinese and
Chinese is it's mono syllabic so like
Niihau ma is a low but if you say Nihao
ma like that like i called you a horse
but it was just say yes like it's like
me how like you how you say it's like
very specific in how you say things so
one is hello the other one is
it's a low but niyama said that way is
but anyhow my mom and like drag it down
my kids used to watch me how Kyle and
yeah I think that's hey hello
whiny how ma instead of just me how you
could say me how and that's the thing he
was anyhow what is the difference in me
how Annie home ah that's just what I
learned in more formal yeah and is yeah
yes you learn everything is you learn
that's the only thing I don't like about
learning languages in school you learn
you you'd never learn how you speak you
know you always learn how you would
write a letter and how you would be like
you know grammatically correct right but
so now like people are doing these
things but you just learn what you need
to know because I feel like humans we
only we all say like the same twenty
pieces of like bullshit you know what I
mean like if you could learn that you
can probably learn eight languages if
you could just figure out you know we're
all getting into right the fun with the
bitches can I drink you know but always
where are the bathrooms may I see a menu
as what are your pronouns yeah yeah yeah
I'm they'd that obey them did they have
a them in Japanese um it was um my
goodness
now I'm gonna get reamed because I'm
rusty on it but it was like how would
how would I say this they did have it
but it was the way honestly i the
sentence structure the way my
three-year-old speaks is the way you
would structure a sentence in Japanese
he would say he won't say the subject in
the verb all the time sometimes he would
put the verb last because he'll be so
excited so he'll put adjective adjective
like so bottle great good you know the
you see it like and that's kind of like
how you would say I'm like this to
dislike in my head I'm like that's how
you would speak so if I was to say
something in Japanese I would say
I saw what they were asked what's my
name and I would go hold on what is my
name in Japanese it's no one's know it's
oh it's only no but I'm something sniff
it's like you can't say you can but it's
like sue me sue desc
so me so destiny destiny that's kind so
that's what that's car that sky makes it
a question at the end is at the end so
you put you put that at the end deaths
neigh is a period so you would say so
it's like you're saying so it is right
would you say so if I go so Disney that
means it is good soda sky I'm asking is
it good oh that's what just in an end
and it depends on what part of Japan you
are how you leaning into the death scene
but your name wouldn't be Smith sue me
sue sue me sue me smell yes and so when
you were right sue me sue you know they
would say they would change Smith
because it's Smith but it's sue me sue
how they pronounce it it's sue me sue me
sue sue me sue Smith and it's suus is
spelled TSU so it's not I think I'm
rusty this was over 20 years ago so you
would have to change the way your name
sounds that's so strange to me so Destin
eight it was it will be my name they
were asked sue me sue yes we saw some Oh
make them say Smith don't don't give in
the noise that you make that means you
it was amazing Oh things are open my
mind learning Japanese for you're
studying it for like a year year and a
half and in economics learning economics
how did that help you it was because
it's like a science and it's like a
cause-and-effect and so it's the same
way I approach my bits you know what I
mean it's like economy like if this
happens then it affects all this shit
and it's all tied to the one thing you
can't judge which is human behavior
right so you don't know what people are
going to do
people try to kind of try to control it
all the time because it has direct
effects on the stock market on how you
can make money it's like so like
something like the girl when when the
coronavirus dropped I was like I know
this is gonna fuck up all these things
mmm and then seeing how people react to
all these things being taken away
fascinates me you know I mean it's like
but that is that is what economics is
because when you're thinking about stuff
you always go well what if a pandemic
happened well our system where are the
holes in our current system but when
people are just being intellectuals
about it and just like talking about it
is sounds boring you're like but when
this shit is happening in real time this
is what the Economist talked about all
this I think it's like it's if this then
then what but it's just a deeper thing
and so it's the same kind of way when
you take a bit where you just go what if
I'm talking about there's anything you
just you just go I'm at home so I was
watching something where oh my son loves
this cartoon called what's name is this
cartoon he watches
blaze it sounds like they but it's blaze
in a monster machine and they had like
this one it's a the the episode it was a
giant meatball rolling down the town
destroying the town and they had this
one I was clearly like black
rollerblading like monster truck with an
afro going get down get groovy get down
get meatball meatball and then the
meatballs over them my son loves that
right so what I thought I'd be with him
is now I pretend that that guy was on
the phone with somebody else and I'm
like hey Steve what you're doing I'm
just rollerblading get down yeah and
then and then so now my son doesn't like
getting meatball Steve no Steve get out
of there so then we pretend that we have
to break the news to Steve's family that
he got ran over by Johnny boy
[Laughter]
that we work with Steve and he's about
to go rollerblading for lunch you know I
mean so it's just it's the economy
Stephen role bein you know that's kind
of played nobody does it you know it's
nice outside and then he gets pummeled
by the meatball so it's like everybody
who knew Steve how did he feel about
Steve so it that's kind of like what a
ripple effects the ripple effects and
then and that's kind of like how I would
I would think of bits in my head
sometimes and then are you paying
attention to how economists are looking
at the future sometimes like right now
like with me I don't even I haven't read
any prognostications other than it's bad
Great Depression yeah although all of
that is true I mean well where I get
lost is when they just stop talking
about like injecting money and fixing
things you know with money I'm not I'm
not I'm lost in that I'm more I'm more
into like the personal like what happens
to us like like how do we I'm fascinated
with that shit like the human nature of
was you know gonna happen like how would
things gonna change on the other side of
this right right shake hands are you
gonna be you know you know right how
many people are gonna keep wearing masks
keep wearing masks and then like I was I
had a a classic like racial thing
happened to me yesterday I was with my
son three years old and it's uh this guy
was working out with his shirt off in
the park this is big guy he looked kind
of like ridiculous and my he said
weights yeah yeah he had two dumbbells
no shirt on he's just Lawrence in the
park just doing these dumb workouts and
um me and my son see him but my son is
he knows about the social - tree man
he's on his little scooter I'm on my
bike to keep up with him because he's
fast as hell and then when we're coming
back well I'm walking my bike and my son
has this scooter and we see there's like
either BMW or Audi we see the doodoo
lights go on and I don't think anything
ever - now look and it's the guy and
he's like doing it
like right in front of us like you don't
I mean so it's classing like do you
think imma break into his car with my
son or like you had all day to lock your
car man like you could have just done it
when you didn't see us and so like a
part of me was like why you
he was like doing it so he could so I
could see he was doing you know I'm
trying to say like I'm walking
and he's like like literally like
locking his door and it to me it felt
like because I had on a mask I had on a
mask in here
and I was reading stories about how most
black folks are afraid to wear masks cuz
we look like yo so part of me was like
scared this motherfucker that's cool but
what the partner was like wearing with
my son like I was like do I engage with
him but don't let it go like what do you
do and I let it go because I was with my
son and it just felt it just felt
ridiculous I was like but I feel like
we're reverting back to like those
paranoid things too like all man black
dude in the mask you know like my thing
and it was like a like what point where
I proven in I'm not gonna change him you
know what what do I do
so I just my son didn't even see it I
would not have seen it if he wasn't so
just like clumsy and odd with it like it
just felt like cuz we had passed him
several times he could have he could
have locked this car when we were gone
you know just done it and just kept and
moving but it was like it it was like
letting you know yeah yeah that's what
it felt like to me I think people are
losing their minds yeah I think so I
think that's a lot of what time yeah
yeah their behavior patterns are all off
because they're so under duress and
stress you know there's a lot of people
that are acting real strange sometimes
you know I'll call people up just say hi
yeah you know how you doing you hanging
in there and there's a lot of people
just seem real weirded out you know what
it gets me man
is that night yeah gets me at night yeah
cuz it's during the day
I'm like everything's fucked up but you
know we're maintaining I have faith in
human nature I have faith in society
that will pull together but at nighttime
I'll have any fucking faith that's me
not perform in either man does that have
any definitely that but it's also at
night there's something about the
darkness where I'm like I just you know
and I do a lot of my really fucked up
thinking with everyone else in my house
asleep
and yeah you know yeah that's when I
that's when I spark up that's when I
write my best shit to it was when
everyone's asleep
yeah be so when everyone's asleep I'm
sitting around thinking like man what if
this keeps going sideways what if we get
a
for what if the grid goes down what if
the earthquake hits what if the fucking
volcano under Yellowstone blows what if
this what if I asteroid hits what if a
worse disease catches on what if there's
a war between US and China over this
bullshit there's a crazy letter that
Germany wrote to China yesterday crazy
the head of Germany wrote some letter
directly to the head guy in China
talking about the only reason why you're
in power is because of surveillance and
what have you done to the world like
what you know what you guys have done
because you because of your disgusting
pride and you you've hidden the facts
from people you've tried to distort the
reality and because of that hundreds of
thousands of people are going to die it
was deep I was reading this letter like
you never read a letter like that where
a one world leader is shitting on
another world leader was it no wasn't
there a head guy in the the oh the head
guy in Germany is a woman right Angela
Merkel right who is it
editor of a prominent German newspaper
okay well yeah the articles that's right
it's correct
you know because date China never they
don't admit any fault ever whenever
anything goes wrong they cover
everything up and there's so many people
that criticize the government in China
they just wind up getting ghosted they
just disappear they vanish yeah
they'd never hear from them again no no
one knows what to do I mean that's
that's how they run things over there
what scares me is that if we give in to
that kind of like they have apps on
their phone right now that give them a
social score you know so like if you
jaywalk you lose points oh yeah I've
heard about yeah oh yeah and the guy
yeah some guy said his social score is
really bad in people it's almost like
Minority Report cuz they're almost like
a mirror yeah yeah like that it's it's
scary you know if we give in to that
kind of surveillance over here there's a
real dark end to all that stuff there's
a real dark end the the bright side is
like oh well maybe everybody keep a shit
together and be nice or maybe the
government will be watching every
goddamn thing you do all day long
and hold that over you and then they'll
use that in order to gain more political
power that's just as possible and more
likely or if they of your social score
is like manipulated or wrong the
downside is a lack of freedom and that's
the whole reason why the United States
is so innovative the whole reason is is
this this we have this spirit over here
this spirit of freedom I know we can do
more we can get more shit done we can we
can come up with ideas we celebrate this
sort of creative the the sort of
creative spirit that we think of when we
think of the United States we think of
freedom we think of creativity there's
so much innovation done over here the
moment you start clamping down on people
and taking away freedom you're also
going to take away that creativity
you're also going to take away that
innovative thought mentality you're
gonna make people scared and you're
gonna do it just so that you can control
them and it's fuck it's the worst like
one of the one of the things about the
United States that makes it so great is
that we have the ability to criticize
our government we have the ability to
talk shit and that keeps people in check
even Trump like even Trump like as much
as he hates it he has toned down a lot
of his rhetoric because of the criticism
that he's faced you know and that's it's
important it's very important yeah I
mean he has the that's one thing this
virus is making everybody have to do
their job
mm-hm like you realize like a lot of his
people were like acting in positions
like they weren't really truly vested if
you're acting in it but like it's making
everyone have to actually do their job
wondering if he would do it again all
over again if he knew how hard it would
be and how much we get shit on I don't
you know I don't know I think it was so
funny when he presented to me was like
it was like like the hot new nightclub
you know what I mean and like everybody
was in there you know what it's like
like a nightclub and you could pretend
to be who you want to be and you could
just you know the mean and watered-down
expensive drinks and it's just all
happening then the coronavirus comes and
that's like when the lights come on in
the club and you get to see you know our
fucked-up shit really is mm-hmm
and and so cuz when the coal country
just kind of like said I was gonna go
with Joe Biden regardless of how lucid
you feel he is or how sharp you think he
is when the whole country was like was
gonna go Joe you just made me think like
Trump is like a fancy a nice resort like
hotel and who doesn't wanna stay in a
nice hotel right he's like I'm rich from
this and everyone's like I want to do
that but after a while you get tired of
spending 21 dollars for Internet and
forty dollars for pancakes and you just
want to go home and Joe was kind of
feeling it felt like he represents home
you know I mean like Peter like I feel
like people Joe Biden to me feels like a
schoolhouse in a third world country
that's gonna collapse and kill all the
kids it's cool house is made by people
who skirted all the rules of how to of
construction he saw old dude with
dementia but I think he's gonna be
propped up by so many different people
who wanna vote like President Obama's
gonna come out and endorse so many
president to come out and take over okay
but if he doesn't you got Joe Biden
who's the leader of the country who
can't form sentences listen man there's
320 million people in this country
telling me that's the best the
Democratic Party can do that's crazy no
that's what I'm saying I'm what I'm
saying is I feel like to everyone he was
nted home that's what I'm saying because
he's familiar he wasn't standing next to
the guy that we all felt more
comfortable with especially in
situations like this did you see Obama's
endorsement video
I didn't his straight up gas lighting
just gas a retainment up you can find it
I don't know if we could play is it long
or is it doesn't believe a goddamn word
look he knows Biden is doomed
he knows he's doomed so you think he's
gonna lose it's not a matter of whether
or not I think he's gonna lose I do
think he's gonna lose but even if I
thought he was gonna win he shouldn't do
the job he there's no way he can take
the pressure of that position with the
cognitive decline that he's already
showing but there's no buts you just
want the Democratic Party to be back in
control I get it no no I wish missing
and I wish like I say man like when yeah
and when you're in a nightclub
you don't care stuff's going down right
right but when you come out I don't
understand this nightclub and you lost
an analogy damn trying to give you an
example to me just the way that Trump is
handling having any kind of criticism
you get anything is unsettling it's like
dude just calm down man like you got to
break you're right you're in charge it's
kind of like I was talking to Keith
Robinson he had this amazing point I
don't know it just made me laugh he said
there should be some type of test you
have to pass to become president because
for any other thing you have to take a
test so you have to have degrees or
whatever but to be in charge of
everybody else and you're in charge and
you control the nukes everything and
it's like a backwards thing and so that
guy who's in charge of everybody else is
just it's like man I just wish he didn't
cause so much just wasn't the way he he
was you know I mean I wish he could just
take who he's always been that's my
point is so changed at all once he got
into office and people did expect him to
yeah he's always been the guy that if
anybody says anything about him he talks
mad shit about that yes never lied to
Zeo Donnell or whoever it is that he's
been infused with right he's never lied
to you in the way and so it's like you
respect all of that but it's just like
in times like this one is requires some
empathy many requires you to look in the
camera and say I feel for the people
that I not give me credit it's like
don't do to give me credit stuff now is
good credit stuff is ridiculous and so I
feel like so what I'm saying is I feel
like having Joe come up there and play
those notes it feels like people how
everyone just all of a sudden overnight
goes joe biden's our guy it felt like I
just I think it's like when Mariah Carey
was on pills and she couldn't sing the
national anthem because she forgot the
words
this is a fucking way man that can't be
President he can't talk he can't hold a
sentence you give him a couple minutes
on CNN and he can't keep it together but
like after a year in office dealing with
international politics the economy the
environment all these different things
but what I'm saying is he's gonna have
people so did Obama but look how old he
got how quickly by Obama's brilliant
Obama's a brilliant articulate guy yeah
sorry getting gray hair his skin starts
ass because he was actually reading the
memos this is crazy right that's my
point
my man sharp as an aide Biden starts
reading those things he'll be dead in a
week and then who's gonna be the vice
president Elizabeth Warren who they're
gonna put in there no they're probably I
don't know who they gonna pick as like
they said he wants to pick a woman of
color so he said a woman of color for
the Supreme Court said for the vice
president he should he should should he
or shouldn't pick the best person he
used to pick the best person who will
probably be a woman of color why would
it be a woman of color though the most
would it be because they're
underrepresented and it would be a good
thing for the country or would it be a
good thing for the country because it's
the best person for the job
both that both best person for the best
person for the job I feel could be a
woman of color in anybody's country
could also be a woman of color it could
be because a lot of policies kind of
stopped before consulting with people of
color and a woman of color can see hey
what we leaving out this group let's
figure this out yeah but what if it's a
male of color who's better qualified for
the job out but that's not my point what
is what all the qualifications for this
job is what I just said there's no test
you have to take it's just a popularity
contest well if that's the case in what
but nobody's firewoman of colored B
would be what why would you want a woman
of color I think everyone would just
feel better woman of color in charge
hmm I I feel like what the Chelsea
Handler's say when she did her whole
thing remember she just she just did a
whole thing about
something on Netflix and she was like
whee and she went on Ellen and said we
need to start listen in the women of
color like it was like yeah he probably
should I think I'm not the right person
to be talking about this but I feel like
you know they say Stacey Abrams is in
the running and I don't think she'd be a
bad choice but I've watched how she just
puts things in context and she is very
smart and very sharp and she is not
thrown like she would be extremely
qualified well I'll tell you who could
actually be a resident who Michelle
Obama she's not going to do it no but if
she wanted to do it she could be
President
why do you think she could do it first
of all she's brilliant she's articulate
she's well-known
she's she's a powerful person like she
speaks really well right she obviously
was for for rather two terms she was the
first lady
so she's accustomed to the public eye
she's accustomed to speaking publicly
if dude if she stepped up and decided
she would run for president I think
she'd win by a landslide because the
possibility constant maybe not beat
Trump I should say but win the
Democratic nominee by a landslide
I really think you think she would lose
as well though I don't know I don't know
how it works it's complicated right
especially when you're dealing with
electoral college like look Trump lost
the popular vote but he won the
electoral college vote right and that's
why they say Joe Biden was the best bit
because Joe Biden so Pennsylvania it was
a swing state and Joe Biden is the only
person out of the Democratic nominees
who did not say he was against fracking
he was like you can't you can't be again
you can't you can't do it all at once
and then they they had they had the clip
of the fracking protest and he's like Oh
vote for somebody else man like I was
like Oh vote for somebody else and so
Trump they they were saying that Trump
does not feel like he could beat Joe in
Pennsylvania because that's what jokes
from and he also supports he has in with
you know the coal miners in the fracking
industry just like you know Trump so
when it comes to his electoral college
votes Trump doesn't know it knows he
can't beat him that's why I'll hints the
whole Ukrainian get some dirt on I'm
just a
now something's happening something that
was kind of like the narrative of that
and so when it comes to electorial
votes that whole Midwest game that whole
Michigan Michigan is a Biden is right
there and that's what I'm saying like
the people yes man oh no I don't know
what what's gonna happen once people
start hearing him talk on the campaign
trail but I don't you know I don't know
how I don't know how brilliant
articulate Trump is like I don't know I
think I think everyone as far as
brilliance it's a matter of being able
to control crowds and have these
exciting rallies he does arenas dude he
does sold-out arenas and he kills I know
listen I'm not this is not projected Lee
I know you want a Democrat to win right
and you want a woman of color to be the
vice president I would love that I would
love for I'm not saying I would love for
things to feel like their I don't want
to say back to normal but I would just
love to feel like when the president not
that it's not like those horrible
question nasty questions Christian you
should yeah it's it's bad in those ways
but what I'm talking about is his
ability to excite his base and the
ability to get people behind him he's a
unprecedent ability in depending upon
how he handles this coronavirus crisis
they could swing left or right it really
depends entirely upon who Biden picks
because you remember when george w was
president it really was like president
dick cheney right dick cheney was in
that fucking vampire underground bunker
yeah getting fresh blood pumped into him
every day and calling all the shots
do you remember there was one point in
time where cheney was consistently in
the bunker he was in the bunker for like
weeks at a time they were saying he's in
it they even told us he was in a bunker
but just in case anything happens like
why isn't bush in a fucking bunker he's
the president Dick Cheney was out there
calling the shots mister it was one of
the most transparent times and you see
the connection between industry and
government where you have a guy who was
the former CEO of Halliburton
a company that rebuilds countries after
we blow them up getting no bid contracts
to rebuild a country that we blew up
while he's making the decisions to blow
up these countries no it's crazy
it was crazy it was crazy and like you
couldn't stop it right but if someone
comes along and some powerful speaker
someone who you really mean there's
there's several choices apparently and
if they pick someone and I'm sure
they're grooming someone right now who
you get excited about you go okay this
person this person could step up even if
Biden lost or if Biden lost it right or
Biden died which is also possible bro
there's a there's a photo of him that
was on the New York Times yesterday well
you can see like where they gave him the
fucking the face look he's he's talking
and he's like skin is unnaturally pulled
up and and back it's like oh Christ man
maybe 20 years ago
maybe 20 years ago but not now this is
crazy a man I don't know it was like
when he was talking about all the stuff
he would have done if this crossed his
desk like you know and just just just
like just having an awareness of how the
government works well what well the what
was it the pandemic agency was closed
down him up in trouble but I loved about
Trump he was on he's like nobody thought
just what happened like he literally
he's like get rid of him but then
there's there's like all types of
protocols and you find out where the
money is for this like Joe had it a just
a knowledge of where all that stuff was
hmm
and I feel like Trump talks to his
lawyers like what can I do look I didn't
sure what can I do we're gonna do and he
just goes you know then he takes his
stance based on what he is known he's
know he's gonna be protected legally
Brian he doesn't equate that he's
president of all of us you know what I
mean so I just feel like that's what's
missing and he is incapable of doing
that I know when pence had the mic and
pants was getting popular it ate at
Trump he's like made me come into these
how does that guy get popular how does
first of all you want to talk about a
vice prime with that guy's voice sounds
like oh well people were just happy to
hear somebody I'm not yelling back if he
was like we're gonna go have
by the end of the week did you ever see
there's a woman who has one of them pink
pussy hats on and there's a bunch of
people that are yelling impeach Trump
impeach Trump and she's running like yay
president pens probably like job if
Trump gets impeached says oh she's like
yeah maybe we should not impeach him
like yeah maybe yeah yeah oh so funny
become so emotional right like and and
and and I feel like Trump's a
businessman so he he's not approaching
this if any emotion and it's just it
fucks with people because they like yeah
you know well the good thing that he did
was block travel from China that's a
good thing that's probably saved
thousands of lives
really did a lot of people were saying
you're crazy for doing that but there's
also there's so many fucking people that
have been one but then it's also saying
that he actually didn't they were saying
that people this was still coming from
China so what do you mean he actually
didn't I don't know I just heard that's
what I'm saying I was saying conflicting
but they definitely blocked he blocked
travel yeah but they were saying people
were still coming well maybe some people
had loopholes because of diplomatic
reasons right business reasons or
whatever but they did look man there was
a video that Eddie Bravo had on his page
of Nancy Pelosi in February telling
people to go out and go to Chinatown
there's no worries just go out mingle
and then they confronted her Chris
Wallace confronted her on Fox News you
know who's she's bullshitting her way
out of this while she was blaming the
president it look everybody got this
wrong everybody got it wrong yeah
everybody did four hundred thirty
thousand people have traveled from China
to us since the corona virus surfaced
right but went but the chronovisor
surfaced and this is just a this I think
this is just an article about what yeah
I understand that the articles recent
but this is an article about when the
corona virus surface which was in
January that's just letting put it know
how many surfaced here made it over to
America but that's not how many people
came to America this is since Chinese
officials disclosed to outbreak on New
Year's Eve and two months after
presidential also house restrictions
forty forty thousand since the
president's impose restrictions he's
been pressed so what kind of
restrictions were those the bulk of the
travelers who were of multiple
nationalities arrived in
January at airports in Los Angeles San
Francisco New York Chicago Newark and
Detroit all places fucked by Corona hi
baby so is like talking about right now
they flew directly from rueland
have you seen all the shit that points
to the fact that this came from a lab
well you know what's so funny I was
talking that I can't say anything but
they were like this is a chemical thing
that just got out of hand they were like
they fucked up well they were working on
how to mitigate viruses that's what they
were doing they were working on and they
had viruses in this lab in wuhan and
they think it came out and that's one of
the reasons why they think China
immediately blamed it on the wet market
they said whenever China blames it on
something always look deeper
there are a ton there's a ton of
scientists that are pointing to that
there's one French virologist Jamie I'll
send you this there's a French biologist
who identified HIV and this French
biologist was looking at this disease
and he was like this is not a disease
that came from nature no this is a
disease that came from a lab did you see
that that Facebook video where the this
some series on Netflix what is it it's a
series on Netflix that takes place in
China that like two or three years ago
they called the corona virus and he like
played the thing really yeah it was like
episode 13 season 3 or something like
that of this show Jesus Christ man they
knew this stuff was happening
well people knew that it was always a
possibility I'm in this text thread but
it's here now and it's just like the
reset of like oh that's nothing that's
interesting like what is doing to our TV
industry like it feels like everything
has become YouTube you know trying to do
you right now everybody is the thing is
they're trying to do it but they're not
adapting right they're not adapting to
the fact they got no artists so they're
doing these wack-ass monologues you know
who's doing it well who bill maher yeah
bill Macatee isn't having fun with it
he's having a great time he's also he
has here at French virologist I'll send
you this right now Jamie hold on
Bill Maher has some great fucking rants
I mean these are tweeted twice to him
that where I said Bravo yes are you
playing it on my phone no where does it
sound coming from I just said it to you
yeah
his fucking shit has been great yeah
hilarious and also you know he's he's
pushing all the buttons you know he's
he's doing comedy he's doing like real
edgy comedy while he's pointing out how
crazy this all is I appreciate him right
now he said guy who's on the left that I
really I really liked the fact that he
doesn't give in to all the craziness he
doesn't give in to the the lunacy of
left-wing policies he still he's still
like rational yeah about it all although
clearly left-wing biased he's still
rational yeah but it still goes with
comedy but it was one yeah I watched I
don't know man I like him a lot
and I watch the butts coming i watch
snow cuz i watch some of his stuff and i
feel like it's two things you should
have me on his show basically because
he's always he would have you on the
show
he's always talking about kids you know
what the fuck you're talking about and
he's always talking about but but but i
love i love how he attacks it like he
knows but it's like best that's your
shit yeah that's not it or he'll be
talking about he did this whole rant
about why can't we call it the China
disease and yeah that's tough and I was
listening to a Chinese American on on
the daily just talking about her
experience of feeling like being an
Asian American here was always like a
probationary experience as long as I did
the right things and stayed out the way
people left me alone but when this came
up just her going outside people like
you fucking Chinese you know in and it's
kind of like so is to me I love watching
him because it's because it's also these
blind spots that he just
his whole rant was really about stop
these wet markets you can do it he
didn't have to do thee well here's the
other side of it just when they called
it the Chinese virus they don't call
anything a virus based on the country
they would call it the Wuhan virus just
like they called Lyme disease Lyme
disease that was one of the examples
that I used or like you know SARS or
MERS or some Middle Eastern respiratory
didn't make that point he didn't they
call it the one right he was and that's
what the problem is yeah the problem is
that he's trying to do comedy and he's
trying to make a point at the same time
and really the right way would be call
it the Wuhan yes if they called but when
they called it Co vid 19 then it becomes
the whole world's problems that's one of
the difference between that what that
journalist in Germany was saying to the
head of China you know he was saying
that and then the the Chinese guy was
saying hey this is the whole world's
problems the whole world's pandemic but
yeah kinda but it did come from a
fucking if it did if it did come from a
lab you know right we should call it the
lab created Wuhan virus there you go but
it's more specific here it is
inaccurately claims the novel
coronavirus is man-made and contains
genetic material from HIV okay so this
guy is Nobel laureate Luc montagnier
speak French I didn't get there so um
how do we know that this guy's correct
it says series nomic analysis and can
make that a little bare it says
indicates the virus has a natural origin
it was not engineered the so called
unique protein sequence insertions found
the two towns of 19 corner rods can be
found in many other organisms not just
HIV but that doesn't mean it's organic
or natural in origin see I think that we
are right now in this period of
conflicting information and you're going
to get it bouncing back and forth from
protic on but I've read multiple sources
that seem and from respected scientists
to seem to indicate that there's a
distinct possibility that came from that
lab one of the things they're saying is
the actual bats
that the sequence the genome when they
when they when they found the genetics
for this virus the bats that tested you
know that where this originated from
were the same exact same exact
location is the bats that they do
research on in this lab and the lab is
four miles away I mean it's not it's not
outside the realm of possible writing
and we're in the wheelhouse yeah
obviously I'm a moron I don't know shit
about viruses other than what I read but
when China says all definitely a wet
market nothing to see here so that's a
great point look deeper yeah I don't
know I mean maybe it was a wet market it
wasn't a wet market right yeah well the
wet markets are fucking gross you know
it is but that's also a sad thing about
you're trying to feed a billion people
and you're feeding them wildlife you
know a lot of what they're eating is
wildlife their equivalents like
squirrels and yeah exactly yeah just
they're eating whatever they they can
eat that you know pigeons were brought
over here as food from where from other
countries from Europe I believe you know
palm trees yes
no they're not native at all the
California crazy la is posit Ruiz like
Cub Swanson he's got fights in UFC yeah
he's got SoCal tattooed on stomach with
two palm trees it's like it's almost
it's like once you blow stuff you can't
unknow it and it's like sometimes I know
it's a weird one palm trees or a weird
one like what how many do they bring
over here yeah this seal all the palm
trees yeah yeah that's oh that's a weird
plan yeah they'd normally in climates
with hurricanes and shit cuz they could
withstand they would stand the fuck out
of some wind Yeah right most last time
you saw a palm tree the fellow they just
take it yeah wind yeah they're not
worried about wind at all no how crazy
is that that a plant evolved to be able
to handle the winds right right and so
my brain is working like you know the
palm trees I couldn't stand it you know
it's on hey man you better win to come
in dude I love Hawaii I love how he
tastes like fuck you no one's coming
here man stay out stay out stay out we
got some beautiful islands we're just
gonna sit tight and heat fish for a
couple weeks yeah yeah go find an
Applebee's oh I know fucking Fridays
none of that I proposed to my wife in
Maui
did you really best
best times of my life I love it there oh
yeah
I go to Hawaii every year to bow on oh
yeah the night yeah man yeah one tenth
of my meat that I eat is from a year
comes from Hawaii nice dough it was
crazy I will say to anybody listening if
you're not married yet keep a nice file
two photographs of before y'all had kids
cuz I sent my wife a picture of us in
Hawaii and it like metered week she's
just like everybody feels like that yeah
like everybody's like a prisoner
yeah yeah so you see how Ellen got in
trouble for saying that what did she say
she said it's actually a hilarious joke
she goes I feel like I'm in prison
she goes I've been wearing the same
clothes for 10 days everyone's gay
that's funny
but then people like Ellen needs to be
educated about the realities of prison
like yeah but also it's just a joke ok
this you can't jokes can't coexist with
the need to be factual at every turn
they can't leave this is not gonna it's
yes you're right
you're right she should be sensitive
about but how do you know that she's not
also sensitive about incarceration and
look incarceration is fucked up it's
fucked up and I don't know what the
solution is but I do know that it's not
gonna rehabilitate anybody I mean if you
get rehabilitated while you're in prison
all the people that I know that have
been in prison there that's up to you
you know they'll offer you classes but
you're dealing with so much chaos while
you're in there and so much so much
danger and so much so much fucked-up
shit
like if you get rehabilitated because
that you're a strong law fuck yeah
you're a strong motherfucker but there's
people that like one of my favorite
examples is Bernard Hopkins Bernard
Hopkins who was one of the greatest
boxers of all time and also one of the
ones who had the longest career of all
time I mean at leat world-class level
was beaten world-class fighters deep
into his 40s yeah
fought his last fight I think it was 51
Bernard Hopkins did a stint in jail and
when he came out one of the things that
the one of the guys in the jail one of
the guards said you'll be back mmm and
he's like the fuck I will and his
discipline was legendary you know he's
never wanted to be back the executioner
asked so friend of mine Dan and green he
did a documentary about it's a group of
guys in Philly called the executioner's
and it's fascinating documentary and he
I think he either took the name or
adopted it or whatever but not how comes
it from them yeah it was a bunch of cats
from you know troubled area but they
found boxing and and started having
success as the executioner's they would
wear the masks in the ring and all of
that and no show not kind of like
adopted in and well you know he
abandoned it later on his career because
people are trying to figure out why he's
so good this late in life so he became
the alien yep so it's bhop alien on
instagram you guys like people like how
the fuck are you beating the shit out of
everybody when you're late for yes yeah
he's like I'm an alien
yeah who decided the key was just super
technical and discipline and never never
did dumb things inside the ring just did
everything technically and always erred
on the side of defense he was his
defense was impassable that's how I
lived life offstage you know a great
example of that is like the difference
between Roy Jones jr. in his prime who I
think is one of the greatest of all time
if not the greatest like Roy Jones jr.
in his prime was fuckin untouchable but
then when Roy got a little older and a
little slower Bernard and him fought
twice like they thought once and Roy
beat him by decision and they fought
later on when Bernard was actually older
than Roy and Bernard beat Roy by
decision pre decisively because Bernards
fundamentals and his technical ability
was rock solid whereas Roy never Feldman
not I'll say never threw a jab but
rarely threw a jab would leap in with a
left hook yeah
because his left hook was so
preposterous like he could get away with
crazy shit
hands down moving away he's the only
fighter on record for compa box that
went an entire round of a championship
fight without having one punch landed I
am to help crazy that is whoa against a
world champion against Vinny Pazienza
they fought an entire round where
Pazienza didn't land one punch fuck I
will quit I would if I was Vinny he
would never quit Vinny Pazienza would
never fucking could he would die before
he would quit and he almost did I beat
the fuck out of him and when Roy was
stopping him Roy dropped him was beating
his ass and looked at the referee he was
like police stop right and the referee
was like keep fighting he's like okay
and he went big bang and then put him
away but he's like I didn't have to do
that right thank you letting him know
like this fight is over man this fights
over let's stop this Scott lunch man I'm
not gonna get the name out one what I
did in Chicago too used to be a spot on
the north side where on Thursday nights
they put a boxing ring on the entire the
floor right and when you walk in if you
have beef or somebody you could sign up
and you and you would go and it was all
these like thugs and these gang dudes
and whatever try to fight and you were
seeing how out of shape people were like
in real time like in the ring and then
they would always end it with a
professional or like an amateur
professional you could see you can try
to fight him if you want and that's when
you would see the importance of fucking
technique because you would have all
these these dudes who look like they
could put in work but man I do what just
stand in just jab jab like but it was so
solid he would never get tired just just
be knocking these dudes and you would
all you would stand on a second and if
what happens is people start fighting
really hard like the first 30 seconds
and they got bend it and then throw
punches so you could throw lemons at him
and it was like a night we would do it
every Thursday and go and that's when I
that's when I first started getting into
oh shit technique is everything like
it's every deaf professional would just
step up there and just like not be fazed
and I'm talking about on the street if
you saw any of these guys you would be
fucking with that dude right but he knew
after 45 seconds they can't it's a rap
they're gonna be winded they're gonna be
tired and any Suzu next it was amazing
to watch
and when you talk about that guy didn't
land a punch in it God and he's a world
champion I mean he's in an elite boxer
and just hanging right Jones jr. was Roy
Jones jr. when he was at his best was
people forget man they get yeah there
was an on song which said the new Mike
Tyson's Roy Jones yeah and people forget
there was a time and Roy had a song
about it it's called y'all must have
forgot to forgot you know what's crazy
is that I was just thinking about that
in terms of like our business like
because my wife and I we were trying to
recall an old TV show and we couldn't
really figure out the details of it but
being in like writers rooms and said you
know how much people pined over certain
things and arguments happening all this
sittings just trying to get a show on
the air and then 20 years later like no
one remembers like what is so important
to us today you know and right it's like
it's like they got this Jordan dock
coming back on again so people are like
oh shit Jordan was this is a new Jordan
documentary and followed them for Jordan
said you're not gonna like me after this
yeah yeah he didn't give a fuck he's
like that's who I was that's how you
went that's how you win six yeah
well I've always said that like
greatness and madness our next-door
neighbors
yeah and they borrow each other's sugar
that's my saying put that on a t-shirt
that's that's true every great person
I've ever met is mad mad cuz in order to
get to that place further than anybody
goes you you got to be out of your
fucking mind and you have to have a
drive inside you that's different you
gotta be able to sacrifice relationships
and public perception and and and even
your own well-being yes there's people
that get to those points those people
are just they're not and maybe it's not
a good idea to get to those points
because you only live in those points
for ten years right and then after that
you got to live with yourself yes and
it's hard for a lot of people to heal
you know who's healed Oh Mike time yes I
love him love him love he said you know
he's he how he's healed
wanna seriously yeah you want to smoke
some Mike Tyson weave right now hold on
you bullshit but man my kids gonna be
like daddy why are you so Mike Tyson yet
I do it is amazing say give us that cool
gold box over there all if you can see
in the corner oh thank you otherwise we
which we share their joy
tested positive it seems like a bad I
tested negative excuse me
I'm pot I mean in a good way sorry you
tested tested negative I'm sorry I meant
like even though you're good seems like
in poor form to share a joint is nice
mm-hmm weird ugh lighter what happened
is lighter Jamie you've been here firing
up joints from behind my back thank you
sir mm-hmm but Mike Tyson was in his
prime the ultimate destroyer and the
ultimate a guy who was completely
focused only on greatness but then after
a while you know after his you know his
career was over and he had to settle in
and realize who was now he doesn't even
like working out and what he said to me
was that he goes I don't I don't want to
feed my ego mm-hmm he goes if I start
working out again I'll start feeding my
ego that self-awareness like a muhfucka
like that's why I don't have a six-pack
[Laughter]
don't don't give up your joke but that
joke that you do is brilliant it's one
of my favorite jokes thank you man yeah
man that six-pack joke is genius okay I
think I'm gonna release that we got to
do something oh and we got to let people
know yeah I mean I've been telling
people as much as I can you're one of
the best comics alive that's a fact
you man I gotta tell you man notebooks
came out really good Joe I worked my ass
off on that shit
you'd have been laughing that mean I did
stop-motion photography so like the
graphics when you'll see I want to do
like this paper crumpling a nun
crumpling to show like you know names
and all that stuff so I want my kids and
my first leave I set up stop-motion
photography and crumpet - paper - oh wow
you did all yourself all myself put it
in and then I had a hell of a direct
oliver editor matt sylph in big shout
out to my man Matt's what are you using
to set all that up I have a tripod that
leans long cuz I've always I like I like
cooking and um I was going to do like
food videos but for my family to show
them like shit that I'm making I don't
want to be on the internet doing it like
but I but I do want to so when I make
stuff people sometimes think oh how did
you do that would you make sure I would
challenge down now I will send him
pictures and beep son yeah that's right
he cooks a lot of things about - what
kind of food do you go I would do so I
would do I went on this whole bit this
whole like I wouldn't make shit so I
would make my smoothies are incredible I
would make my own almond milk and all
that shit and people how do you how are
you doing that shit so I would do that
and then I would make like my breakfast
foods are crazy like my wife loves like
I put that together I make shit from
scratch because I'm a from scratch like
waffles pancakes yeah I could I could
table goes in and right now like looking
your thing and be like okay you need you
know saying I can hook that shit up
whatever man whatever and you know
whatever it is but at all but I'm I'm
big on plating and making it look good
it's it so you're chef and disguise and
he never cooked any wild game no man no
I don't you got out but I just got to
see it once and then I'll get so many
ideas cuz I guarantee you I could take a
recipe that you love and just even like
hiding it you'd be like damn I anything
over that way okay I'm doing that shit
and so I was gonna do sometimes I my
wife would take a picture I'll take a
picture and like send it to my mom and
my mom is like competitive as fuck how'd
you do that
did you put the thing on the thing and I
get it
from them they're like they're foodies
before it was foodies like my sissy
could bite a piece of dessert and be
like they didn't you send him in like
seal like she can taste that shit and I
would watch I grew up watching that so I
like doing it so so I basically I bought
a tripod before but I was able to use
that for the stop-motion photography so
I did that for all the lower third
titles and all of that stuff and I had
to realize that cooking is an art I have
I had to change my perceptions and I
didn't realize that I had a misconceived
idea a misperception I didn't understand
that until I watched Anthony Bourdain's
TV show the first one No Reservations
yeah and when I watched that show and
his enthusiasm and passion for four
great chefs and great cuisine and I
think a lot of it also was like that he
was enthusiastic about other people's
work yeah and then I was realizing like
this okay this guy is not just a chef
himself where she was but also like a
fan of the art form and so all the great
masters like he would go to their places
all over the world and and and film with
them and eat with them and cook with
them and drink with them and then I
realized like oh this is a this is an
art form that you don't it doesn't last
very long and you eat it still an art
form yeah but it's an art form it's like
like drawing right like your son's 3
when your son draws yes like it's cool
to see someone draw something but it's
also different than you know whatever
Leonardo da Vinci yeah you know whatever
some someone who's amazing at it like
you go oh there's levels there's many
many many many many many many levels
even to food there's like some food
that's just I'm hungry I just need to
eat right but then I guess what happened
was civilization got settled into the
fact there was enough time which we can
getting raided by barbarians and
fighting off saber-toothed cats ok ok ok
what if I make it pretty like what if I
add
bit of this everything and then the
putting a little fucking balsamic
drizzle on it look at that little sprig
parsley rosemary yeah yeah look what you
did and then they started turning what
was like an essential thing into an art
experience yeah well because you you eat
with all five of your senses right first
you you hear it cooking right then you
smell it you may know shit is one thing
all right then you see it and that's the
whole plating of it right what's the
other two senses you taste to taste it
last yeah see you here what's the other
one feel you touch it and you touch it
Oh short text touch it and you go and so
so it is it's a dance man it's the whole
and I love that I love that whole aspect
of it for a while I I had gotten into
plant-based stuff it's a sea and in so
it's like a fun thing when you can
basically make versions of your old
comfort foods mm-hmm
I would be like hey oh I would make
stuff without like a specific ingredient
like do a substitute thing and it tastes
great or look great or whatever it is so
so that's it that's the stuff that I was
into man hmm but I also like flipping
like weed my wife and I did joke about
doing us a psycho doctoring it up like
we'll just take like it would take I
don't know what sake like I don't know
canned chili but then slice it up so
when you eat it it's like this it could
be like a $25 bowl of chili now you know
what I mean
doctoring stuff up is like my thing too
I could take a frozen pizza and do some
shit to it and you'd be like you know
it's cool to me to that food is so
specific to the culture like I went to
Thailand for the first time ever last
year yeah and you know we actually took
a Thai cooking class at this one place
and so you got to understand like how
they do things like just very little
dairy like everything is like coconut
milk and these different spices and
curries and the way they cook and it's
like you're like oh this is so
recognizable as opposed like Mexican
which is so recognizable to Mexico the
Molay and chorizo and all the different
styles of creating Mexican food yeah
well um for a while I did raw food raw
well we did raw food it was fantastic it
was the best say bout basically best to
ever felt in my life
yeah just rock vegetables it's g1z seeds
no I didn't do burro meat but but I went
down this deep dive I was learning how
to make dishes and every meal has four
things a fatty acid a salt and the sweet
so even if you don't eat raw food I was
just like looking at plates like so if
you get calamari right
the fried and that's the fat you know
what I mean and then the salt is
obviously the salt and the batter and a
salt you put on it the sweet is the
dipping sauce but they always give you a
lime wedge only why they do that and
that's the acid so every meal should
have those four components and then you
just learn like how you tease the tongue
and stuff that you do that like
stimulate the tongue and excited and so
what I learned when I did the raw food
thing is that I don't love barbecue
potato chips I love the seasoning that's
on this break so you can take anything
not anything but you don't I mean
something chippy asked in but if you can
conjure up those same seasonings I won't
miss barbecue bro I will fuck bagger
vinegar chips sea salt and vinegar yeah
fuck those chips hums got the best ones
I've seen I feel like I can't stop yeah
like I'm in the trance
I'm a vinegar and salt eating trance I'm
like barbecue save you like but I would
eat anything
it's like that shit by itself that's
where the sum is equal is way greater
than the the sum of the parts the total
is weight we because like salt by itself
is okay vinegar by itself that's fine
chips by themselves vinegar almonds have
you had those I'm scared
these are my brand
watches yeah blue diamond oh yeah he's
the shit out of these but I know there's
all kinds of spices in here that need
right
what am i eating this but it's probably
look this this is the liven I can't read
this without my glasses on but that list
of ingredients two men follow me not
just almond look at all that shit look
at all that shit those are the sriracha
almonds which are goddamn delicious yeah
but I the first ones a little weird to
be corn mouth dextran that's the first
ingredient no no I mean like the first
one that's a little funny oh it's the
almonds vegetable oil sugar salt corn
all day yes he sugar is a high number
that's not good either
yeah really better off raw raw almonds
yeah that's what I live with
yeah wrong as a dope how many grams of
sugar grams
how big is a serving though like how
many servings oh yeah why do they do
surveys like this it says 28 nuts so
that's six servings eat six servings
metal of grams because I eat six
servings a lot of calories too when you
find out how many calories are in
almonds you're like whoa six grams of
protein yeah yeah it's good for you oh
but you know it's bad for the fucking
environment do you care if you care
about the environment you're not
supposed to growing a plant here that
could never survive without being
drowned
that's what almonds are these
motherfuckers just suck up all those are
their whores so they're they're mean
they kill all the other plants like fuck
you try to make nuts I don't know I'm
just kidding but they're drinking all
the water he bitches birthday
they're like that somebody pointed that
out like if you really care about the
environment you wouldn't be buying autos
from other countries oh yeah like what
do you do where's that avocado coming
from how's it getting here by truck
you're supposed to be eating what's
around you and you're supposed to live
where shit grows oh that's right right
yeah just drove here 500 miles with your
food their car to us we are at world
hunger if you people live where the food
is
we got deserts in America - we just
don't live it on my asshole
yeah do that line alone a lot of our
food comes from California yeah yeah the
farmland between here and San Francisco
is crazy
Republican go up there you see these you
know anti-abortion bill boards and pro
Trump billboards and oh my goodness it's
like a different world it's so crazy
because it's the world of the people who
have to work from fucking dawn till like
7:00 p.m. and then they crash they go
back to the farm again they're always
trying to keep it together yeah fuck man
when it comes to like farmers there's
one thing you get a lot of you get a lot
of religion and some I'm not it's not a
value judgment it's just but you get a
lot of religion and you get a lot of
Republicans you get a lot of that it's
not that common that you get a little
far there's certainly some organic
farmers that are like real progressive
liberal people that understand the
importance of growing your own food but
like mass farmers like when farmers are
growing corn to feed cows like that
those kind of farmers it's nothing wrong
with that they need them that those
fuckers are a lot of those people are
Republican you got to wonder like maybe
it's just like the party of the people
that really bust their ass and they they
want that they want that that
hard-working farmer ethic is like
there's no room for bullshit in that
life if you got to get up at 6 o'clock
in the morning and feed the chickens and
milk the cows and then do shit all day
long and you're barely paying your bills
you don't want to hear any bullshit you
don't want to hear any bullshit and so I
think a lot of them are Republicans
because Republican stands for like
there's no bullshit perspective on life
that they think the Democrats want to
hand out their money and take too much
of the taxes but it's because of their
reality that's because the reality
that's particularly grueling occupation
these people have taken on you know it's
it's almost like a mistake of
perspective you know they don't they
don't have opportunity to see things
openly like see the whole world and see
where their their position is like they
have a uniquely difficult position they
might think the whole world is like that
but it's not necessarily
like you just chose something that's a
preposterous endeavor I mean I mean that
in an admirable way I'm a good miring
farmers work ethic if you took a regular
person's you or me who's never worked
like that ever and say hey Alan you
enjoy gonna get up at five o'clock in
the morning you gonna feed the chickens
and milk today man and you're barely
gonna make any money and you're gonna
have crazy loans and you're gonna need
to accessorized yep no manuals so much
depression and suicide and when their
farms collapse man it's fucking
devastating and there's some people who
could do it too
some people would do it and they become
very successful and then some people do
it and love it and swear by it I mean
there's a whole spectrum but that that
has got to test you and if you think
about how crazy that is
that that's not more lucrative like what
is more valuable to us than our why do
we treat them that way exactly it's like
what else is more valuable our teachers
who are so valuable yes what a fucked up
society backwards what why does more
about this number one is stay alive
that's number one how do you do that you
need for folk a the V like food we
should take so bad one-percent East's
yes this is the thing there's some fruit
they literally bring you fruit and you
give them paper and you get their fruit
and it sustains you but they struggling
and then number two is teachers know
because once you're here you got to
learn something what do you what do we
do it our teachers we take them we pay
them dog shit we stick them in front of
50 kids barely paying attention and you
just hope to make an impact on like I'm
sure you have a few teachers like that
said a thing yeah at one point time
you're like okay like this
teachers do make a difference yeah mr.
friedenberg you'll never you'll never be
able to draw a woman until you've had a
woman that's a Bill Withers line wow
that sounds like a song yeah mr.
friedenberg god damn yeah I had one
guy who was a Vietnam vet was a heavy
guy he was heavy and he was in middle
school when I was in I was in the Mary
Curley middle school in Jamaica Jamaica
plains which is uh at the time it was a
real sketchy neighborhood outside of
Boston suburb not a suburb of Boston but
you know inner city we moved there from
Florida and that was the only place we
could afford when I was kid and this is
like seventeen year old kids in my
seventh grade class was so ridiculous
I'm not exaggerating man yeah it was
maybe eighth grade I don't forget but
there was just one teacher anyway he was
a science teacher and he would grow his
own radishes and he kept saying like all
I need is radishes and salt and that's
my lunch and I grew my lunch and I'm not
thinking like wow this guy's out there
growing his lunch even out here in the
city but this is the big thing he said
to me he goes you ever want to hurt your
head he goes just go outside and look up
at space and realize how big it is
trying to imagine something that has no
end if you really want to hurt your
brain just try to imagine that space has
no end that fucked me up dude I was like
13 yes like oh my god he's right
what there's no end and I swear to God
that became a big part of this shift and
how I started viewing the world there's
like two things that started happening
when I was a kid one is that I moved
around a lot so I never had friends
because I never had friends I had to
form my own opinions on things I
couldn't just adopt the opinions of the
neighborhood I had to form my own
opinion so I almost always travel into
all these different places and then -
was that teacher saying to me that
there's no end and I remember thinking
that when I was a kid like holy shit and
then the two conclusions that I won
there are no grown-ups it's not real
like I was realizing like I'm gonna one
day be one of them what this is nonsense
they don't know what their cuz you see
enough like faulty behavior in adults
you see enough alcoholism like us I saw
a lot of
alcoholism and drug abuse when I was
doing construction my steps I was an
architect okay
he got me gigs on jobs and construction
sites that's what I would do for summer
that's how I would make money and you
get to be friends with some of these
guys and some of them had like real
potential like there's just one dude he
was a he was a drummer and a music I
think mostly just a drummer I think he
played guitar two in a band and he was a
really funny guy his name was Robbie
funny interesting guy but he just
struggled with the fucking booze in the
bottle and I became friends with him
when I was like 16 17 and he was in his
30s man and he couldn't get his shit
together he would like do good for a
little stretch and then he would fall
apart but I remember I liked him so much
I was like he's so funny and when he's
got his shit together he's he's just a
fucking cool guy and then I would see
him drunk and I remember thinking that
when I was 17 like oz poor guy he's
tripping on his own dick he's just
fucking his way through the but it was
like for me it was important to realize
that you could be a guy who was like a
funny nice guy that I really like but
also do the dumbest things possible and
derail your life so I was thinking like
what is missing in this guy that he's
doing this like why do people keep doing
that particularly with things that are
just undeniably devastating like hard
drugs and things along those lines where
you literally could die every night and
you're still shooting up like what keeps
you doing that and it's like a lack of
structure for a lot of them it's a
little loud I was thinking that when I
was like a lot of them are adrift and
some of them it's a chemical thing some
of them for sure addiction is they're
more inclined chemically but it seemed
like some of them was just like a lack
of structure and discipline and if they
just had rules like here's rule number
one you don't shoot heroin into your
dick because you're your Smith yeah and
this is Smith's don't shoot heroin into
the dicks
okay all right yeah some people they
grew up with parents that didn't lay
down any rules man and they never
developed they never developed like a
line they can't be that farmer yeah
those fucking farmers who get up
6 a.m. that knows no bullshit
motherfuckers at work hard every day
every day and then there's people that
just like they barely show up I'm sick
today I can't make it in I think of it
that way they don't have anything
hanging over their head yeah you know
especially when you're young Billy
Gardell used to say when you're single
you're a Democrat no no no no you know
when senior they just get a house you're
Republican yeah so I want you to own
some shit you're gonna want to keep it
in this way yeah that's sort of true but
that's not always I mean I'm not a
Republican um I can't I consider myself
left on almost every issue yeah except
for maybe the second amendment and this
is one where I saw people falter I saw a
lot of my liberal friends fall apart
I've wanted to come to Joe Joe how do I
get a gun oh when it went down
Joe calls it wasn't that we disagreed
even is it like they never one friend
his wife would never let him have a gun
and the moment this went down she says
you have to get a gun she said to him
you have to get a Silurian she turned
180 degrees and this is what I've always
say like I think people can go dark on
you man the world could get evil the
when when scarcity becomes a thing I
mean there's a reason why there's so
many apocalyptic movies and it never
works out great
you know these Mad Max movies it's not
like that would be way better fish we
speared would it's a great idea in
theory but you what if you break your
leg you want to dive an infection on the
beach so how many people hit you up
asking a lot like almost probably a
dozen close to did you help baby I would
say genuinely at least seven or eight it
was to know I said listen you you're
gonna go down a road Manley I'm not
gonna help you get a gun you got to go
to a gun store those giant line yeah
wait in line bitch go read it read
online know how to get a gun like this
is I'm not supporting your panic buying
of firearms you got to learn how to use
it to that's the part that you don't
have to learn how to use a gun like I've
taken several lessons many many lessons
now
you you have to learn how to use a gun
correctly you have to learn how to yeah
I've had rifle lessons of it pistol
lessons it's a it's a very dangerous
thing to just have around if you don't
have any experience with it it's tricky
but but the inclination to get one is
what I've been telling people about all
along like you think the world is safer
than it is mmm the world's not that safe
it's just safe right now we hit a real
good spot man you and I were born in an
amazing time
how could you imagine we were born in
the time where people are getting it
together right we're not together all
the way but still we're getting it
together
yeah we're getting it together so in a
sense like one of the things you were
saying earlier about wanting a woman of
color to be vice president here's what
that would indicate this is what I think
Wow one of the best things but this is
what I said the best thing about the
Obama presidency and let everybody know
okay well this racism is all bullshit
because here's a guy who made it to the
fucking White House and this is a guy
who's articulate and he's brilliant and
he's a perfect statesman whether or not
you like his policies or not like that's
a great representative of who we can be
so drop it
there's no inferior race it's just
people who have an opportunity people
who don't and cultures and where they're
where they develop in advance and what
kind of environment they grow up and
we're all one thing we're all one thing
true but but the but when one group
decides to change the rules and keep
moving the goalposts and keep doing so
they can keep whatever they have that's
everybody in power that's what I'm
saying yeah yeah every culture has but
in this country it's every job
everything everything but in but in this
country it you know racism it's not it's
not bullshit like this it's not a real
thing I mean it's bullshit like it's a
dumb thing to still hold on to okay
let's be clear here
no no thank you for being so calm and
correcting if I really thought that
stupid no I'm not saying the racism is
bullshit I'm saying no it you can't
defend it any more there's nothing there
there's nothing there oh yeah if you
just decide that an individual is in a
category because of how much melanin or
where they're from that's crazy now
that's a something - Joe no one has a
stronger work ethic been a racist no
one's trying to work ethic than the
Jamaican listen to me but no you know
how hard these cats work to change the
rules in North if they just did half of
that the other way everything would be
beautiful you understand I'm trying to
tell you like you know it's my favorite
one what lazy Mexican do you know how
crazy that is
you see these Mexicans out there picking
strawberries for like 13 cents an hour
you know I mean how much are they making
what do they pay them there's so many
automated workers how many people walk
here from Mexico
how many people rameshan is working on
farms and bust their ass doing the
hardest jobs possible waiting outside
Home Depot to do anything you want them
to do that's crazy that's hilarious
before that the same thing happened to
black folks too though sure the slavery
and after slavery but he called us lazy
in this like word well that's not the
the darkest aspects had never been
addressed from slavery's what where you
where you start from so if you if
there's a community in this there's a
community that has definitely been
suppressed by racism like there was a
guy uh what is woods what's his name the
the the Baltimore police detective that
we had on Michael woods that's right who
was a he was a detective in Baltimore or
a police officer in Baltimore I don't
was he a detective I don't know who's a
police officer anyway he found an old
piece of paper that was a detail of like
the the crime report and was all the
exact same crimes from 1970 something as
he was experiencing the exact same place
that crazy the exact same crimes and it
was like oh shit and for him it was just
a relevation like oh this is and then
you
found out about redlining we all weren't
allowed came up with that like seriously
like well and 2nded think of the work
ethic he took to evil who came up with
well people that were trying to suppress
people that were freed from slavery
right so even imagine right even if you
weren't a slave owner
if you condone slavery if you were
around in 1864 I know I gotta think it's
a good thing and then all sudden they
let them out you're like oh shit what
happened and then they tried to suppress
him so they try to keep in it and but
we're still experiencing that today now
when people talk about like reparations
being a good idea or a bad idea the most
important thing would be to fix all the
spots that we absolutely know were
affected by slavering there's not a
small number of them there's a large
number of them in these communities
continue to be in a suppressed state
even though they are free they can go
out and some of them do escape and they
get great careers some people do get out
of bad neighborhoods but that you're
asking people to do a way more difficult
thing then if you growing up in
Brentwood and most people talk about you
know slavery and now but nobody talks
about like the the moment after slavery
where they started doing the Black Codes
right so so like so you're technically
free right but then they would make it
illegal for you to hunt and fish for
your own food or and then you couldn't
look for a job outside of your town like
it was like all these things that was
basically in it and then they made
ordering illegal you know that means
yeah it's like if we can get you to jail
then we can treat you like a slave again
it was like this could you imagine like
so you only had to work for one person
still I still get paid shitty wages yeah
as opposed to I want to work wherever I
want to work it's illegal
then I'm I won't work I just drove on
food you can't do that like and the
federal government didn't you know make
the states deal with it I'm gonna do a
movie about that shit but I don't know
if anybody hundred movies should be done
you know I got balls deep in in Native
American history a couple months back
and it freaked me out
I I dread I started off with this book
that my friend Steve Rinella wrote on
American Buffalo and I read that and a
lot of it had to do with like Native
Americans hunting the Buffalo and then I
did read this book Empire the summer
moon it was on the Comanches and the
holy shit and then I just started
getting I read like at least five of
them over most of them I listened to
well fascinated to them on audio the
story stands out to you the most the
Comanches yeah bro they ranch it they
ranch it all through Texas and Oklahoma
they killed everybody they this is how
devious people were at the time they
would give people giant chunks of land
they say you could have a giant truck oh
you're in Comanche country so they would
give them this land it would go there
its slaughter but they would like slowly
they were trying to like use them as
like human cannon fodder to slowly move
the the you know the line of what
America owned and push into Comanche
country but they it took hundreds of
years the Comanches from like the 1600s
did the a teachers were dominant they
were they were so terrifying they all
they ate was buffalo they're wild
motherfuckers who didn't hardly create
any art they have they figured out
horseback riding and they figured out
horseback riding better than any of the
other Native Americans and they figured
out how to shoot arrows off their horses
and they figured out how to raise horses
so their whole thing was about giant
packs of horses and they can conduct all
of their fighting off these horses and
the the white dudes only had muskets
back they had one shot right and then
you had a filled up forever and the
Comanches figured out there's a dude
named Lars Anderson who actually like
sort of recreated what they were able to
do back then and he's an archery guy and
the Comanches would take arrows in
between all their fingers and so as they
were riding a horse chasing dudes down
all the white guys would get off the
horses and and bang that's how they fire
their rifles the Comanches would shoot
from their horses with all their arrows
stuck on their fingers they'd go one two
three four thunk they could shoot like
an arrow a half a second crazy they
would hang off the side of the horse and
used
horses a shield question under its neck
as though and they were worthless mass
ruthless what they did what they did to
other Indians what they did to white
settlers and it's all depicted in just
dark gory detail were you're like oh my
god
Dave I mean but you gotta realize what
was imagine trying to survive back in
Oklahoma 1700 when you just ride around
your horse with you got spics that have
sharp rocks that you've chipped at the
end of them to go kill deer and buffalo
and shit and that's what you need to
make your baby stay alive
and then you get raided by other Indians
who want to fuck your woman and take all
your shit dude I got so crazy about it I
got so crazy about it that I I had I had
to take a break all right
for a while when I got that painting the
painting you saw that's got Greg Overton
he's this master the command of American
stuff I think that's a crow I actually
didn't ask him but somebody else told me
look at that this is how these fuckers
do it
this guy hanging that guy looks like a
Mongol but he is he might marry soft in
your bellies Paige he might be Native
well it might be Danny bellows but it's
also the way like all their stuff their
hats and their clothing and stuff looks
more like Mongolian but the Mongols were
famous for being able to do that and
that was even before you know anything
was recorded about the Native Americans
there had to be to be able to do that
well their bows their bows would take a
hundred and sixty pounds to pull what
yeah yeah so you're saying it was like
pulling a hundred sixty-five a hundred
and sixty pounds
yeah to give you an example my bow yeah
that I shoot with is 82 pounds it's
really hard to poke oh shoot yeah that's
like doing that pull-downs exactly it's
really hard to talk so use but that is
twice as powerful and mine's a compound
bow so it's on like these came right so
as you pull it it gets easier at the end
it's easier to hold there that's
hilarious man I just had like what if
you made a sound every time you pulled
because it's hard like gym noises if you
ever see that one is it Planet Fitness
don't let you make noises we're not
discrimination of all time they mean had
discrimination they discriminate against
us meatheads yes if I'm lifting bro I'm
making noises okay
you can't hit that maybe you shouldn't
open a fucking gym this is what I do
when I'm really trying to get something
yes make noises cuz I'm a man this is
like alarm drops weights or judges you
want people that are gonna quit that's
what they want they want people that are
gonna buy a membership go there for a
month
and that's people that are dedicated
right dedicated people grunt big grunt
they drop weight yeah they feel it they
also put pizza on Fridays I've heard oh
do they yeah they put pizza out yeah
pizza will go is it like like what kind
of pizza like pizza like pepperoni and
cheese people are you serious so
ridiculous what is that uh there's a
plant-based crust that's actually
actually made pizza crust from scratch
it's fun man did solaris misunderstand
that you thought i was saying that
racism is bullshit doesn't no I just
wanted to that's gonna be taken out of
context you yeah that's what I'm saying
that's why that's why we're back I
didn't I just it's a there's it's it's
bad for everybody but it's also like
it's a part of a pattern of human
behavior that's bad and that pattern is
lumping people into a category and not
accepting the uniqueness of the
individual like as soon as you put
someone in a cat
any kind of category put people in and
you don't accept the uniqueness of the
individual you create the potential for
some sort of tribal difference between
each other that wouldn't ordinarily
exist like we start thinking of someone
as oh this guy from yeah this guy's from
this place - this guy's from that place
I think of them in this way or they do
this so I think of them that way like
I'll have a problem in that I have a
problem when you go because I think of
you that way you you you don't get to do
this that's yes big is weird for sure
think of me what you want out here but
when you just go I don't want anything
and you know I was gonna say we still
have sir but there's certain like
aspects of certain cultures you can't
deny think like Italians yeah like I'm
mostly Italian and they are the most
stereotypical fucking people alive like
it's East Coast Italians are exactly
like The Sopranos there's just varying
levels I was a homo right now was
killing it family he could be presidency
that's a guy who could be President
that's a guy who exhibits all the
leadership skill and and understands
that this is a terrible thing and
sacrifices have to be made and there's
mistakes that have been made and we're
gonna have to correct those mistakes and
do the right thing going forward and
we're gonna have to figure out how to
get through this and that's the imagine
being a guy who's a president or a mayor
or a governor who's dealing with this
right now
like we as much as we shit on all of
them we have to we have to respect that
they're trying to help us and they're
you know I think they're trying to help
us this my perspective when I see
whether or not I agree that we should be
shut down for X amount of months I don't
know when we should reopen I'm not an
expert
I don't know jack-shit but I do
appreciate when someone like our
governor like seems like a leader and
his on television and he's making the
choice and he's making a choice based on
wanting more people to be able to stay
alive
yeah I'm all fit I'm off more than or
two that's all those things are great
for all of us you know but I just I hate
the fact that there's Democrats and that
there's Republicans I hate it I hate the
fact that there's these groups
it just leaves open this like I had a
friend he's a really nice guy and when
we were on this we worked together on
the set and he was so into Apple oh so
in the Apple products yeah he was
talking about when the new Apple laptops
comes out we're gonna shove it in
Microsoft's face and it was like all
this team shit I was like bro you got
team shit for the operating system of
your computer that's how that's how we
are man it doesn't have to be of
something that's important because
politics are important right the way we
treat each other is important policy is
important the way the standards of how
we accept the leader of this great
nation the way communicates all that
stuff is important right that is real
but it's also to break it down at two
sides is so dumb it opens up the
possibility for tribalism oh this thing
is like fucking iPhone versus Android
people already stab each other
yeah yes at my son's school they won't
they won't let you wear superhero stuff
because it can create cliques because if
you like I'm DC versus Marvel when I was
a comic book head it was all about
Marvel Comics versus T I was a Marvel
guy my friends for DC guys and they were
fucking losers this but that's just a
natural part of human beings we have to
yeah I have to that will still be like
you wear glasses I don't last yeah it's
also I'm from Jersey I'm from Boston you
know all that shit it's like come on
human nature it's it might be cute but
to hang on to it if you if you get some
benefit out of it if you're proud to be
for Brooklyn that's great but you're
just a person and this this is the only
way to look at each other the only way
to look at each other is based on the
individual and it's just hard to do it's
natural to separate people by political
biases by what part of the country
they're from it's natural it's fucking
it's a part but we don't have to do it
anymore
we don't have to it's a trap there's a
trap that Rob's you of your
active and it lumps you in with a bunch
of other assholes
you know like there's some women that
like all girl power doubt you know like
listen there's a lot of girls that are
amazing but there's a lot of girls that
will you don't want them on your team
you know bad shit you know what Casey
Anthony on your team let's just stop
this all girl all boys shit
let's stop all left alright it's all
fucking nonsense and we we haven't
figured it out yet for some reason we're
still dependent upon two parties we're
still dependent about amount two
philosophies conservative or liberal
different parts of the country oh these
are red states like oh Christ when I was
a kid it's a fucking trap it's all a
trap it's trouble - what's the
alternative though moron that's the
thing like so what's the what's the
alternative
I think multiple parties I believe
Holland doesn't Holland have like seven
political parties or some shit
was that working out well they have
legal weed or they tolerated weed long
for us used to be able to buy mushrooms
at cafes oh shit why did I stop
I think people start tripping too hard I
do mushrooms or time went on his dues
couch no give them that platform that's
a rough that's crazy
but so that's another example of like
what do you do like because people are
so people are so not that's my only
question like when when atheists say you
shouldn't believe in God even that he
was right like you can't
yeah I know you're right you you can't
tell people what to believe the the the
thing about atheism versus religion is
like
what is the overall benefit do you if
you get an overall benefit out of
believing in a higher power and it
forces you to act in a more harmonious
way so you sure that's not good because
there's a lot of religious people that
because of those religious principles
they live very ethical and moral lives
so is it an overall net benefit for them
to be involved in a religion it seems
like there's an argument that it could
be but then is there also an argument
for being objective about some of those
stories that seem crazy like guys coming
back from the dead and walking on water
and yeah when I went to Notre Dame we
had it we all had to take theology class
and we had a nun who told us that
everything in the Bible is a symbol it
was a symbol someone is owed they're
just saying it no one lived to be a
hundred
that just means what they have to say is
important like 72 virgins do you know
that idea of when you blow yourself up
yeah it's not doesn't really really
simple yes it means like a million
version psycho I would say I get a
hundred million billion yeah it's a lot
it's saying that that's an important yes
yeah I'm foot important belief or tenant
and that resonate I understood that and
um so that's how I perceive it as far as
like it's not a literal thing which kind
of makes it kind of cool you know you
know just as an artistic choice cuz like
oh cuz like in notebooks some people
were upset that I did some I will go to
black and white and then go to color but
the reason for doing that is whenever we
talked about the past we would go to
black and white in like a dream exactly
I just made that choice and because
initially I wanted it to all be in black
and white but we just we just did it as
a running gun thing so we weren't
thinking about the lighting and making
sure was and so when we looked at the
color footage like some of it was all
over the place - it was like let's do
the black and white for the past thing
so it was yeah because while the
correction is also like expensive so it
was like let's try to keep the cost down
as well so that's why that was the
choice so if you go back you know smoke
one and watch it again
you'll see whenever we talk about
anything in the past it's all black it's
black and white back in the color when
its present dude what's it gonna be like
going onstage and you haven't gone on
stage in a month
oh my god I was just thinking how weird
is that gonna be everybody gonna see him
like open my curds what's the longest
stretch you've ever gone without to
instruct can't even I
that's a damn oh I know I can tell you
eight months but it was one was really
early I bombed so hard a must but it
called me back and I went back up tray I
was 19 I was 19 and didn't excel in on
our stage I was 20 and I was funny again
and it was back in oh good and that was
my that was my I wanna get off again if
it for eight months but as but as a
professional the longest I've ever gone
I couldn't I would say I would be lying
if I tried to think of I don't know
because I those shows are gonna be lets
do you know crazy the common stores
gonna be when this motherfucker opens up
again do you know how crazy it's gonna
be it's gonna be crazy I broke my phone
basically from the text on wind calm I
told I was gonna try that out man it was
good shit though and so I it still
exists I've talked to those people all
the time and it's been great beautiful
castle hike yeah it's pretty powerful
one guy told me the other day he uses my
clips to help the morale of his troops
and they're like floored me like woah
yeah man and I've been sending them like
I sent them notebooks first and so they
got to see it they got to see the
trailer first and I was getting feedback
and stuff it was cool people think it's
a robot is really mean that's nice but
yeah it was dope it worked out thank you
beautiful it set up some dates and then
I know yeah well we talked about ask me
what are you coming here with Joe you
come here yeah we're gonna do some
hopefully when we're allowed to I have a
couple dates booked at the end of the
year I don't even know if they're gonna
be able to do them I'm supposed to be at
the forum and November 1st yeah I don't
know I want to do that when we I don't
even know if it's real it's down the
street but I think that the governor has
said 2021 for concerts and shit that
make sense
I don't know and they say it might be
like
maybe people separated I'm gonna be so
mad if all you need is vitamin C I know
right he's so mad doctor comes out like
ten years from now it's like if
everybody took just four thousand
milligrams of vitamin C it day that's
all you need
there's no viruses and you good 4,000
grams of vitamin C and don't be a dick I
don't know what stops it like what
what can strengthen your immune system
and what can't you know do you know yeah
is that real well as an expert I would
say I would say I don't know about your
immune system because that's kind of
like your pelvis like you can't
strengthen a shit it's just immune
system oh yeah oh yes I think you're
strengthened by you can strengthen your
pelvis like the bones themselves do that
fuck exercise strengthen your pelvis
listen if she's 150 yeah but if she's
like 380 yeah that's too bad I can't do
it she's got to give up sugar and carbs
right I think you're sending the immune
system by what you put in your body
especially over 40 I think um like when
I was doing raw food I didn't get sick
at all at all
why'd you stop got social socially it's
tough no forgot being sick when boys
were teasing me like yo it take you 48
hours to make a pancakes I still have it
hydrate fruit and stuff for my kids but
did you have to when you were doing that
did you have to in any way like
supplement your protein were you eating
like pee no because that's the myth
that's the whole thing is it's all what
you choose to believe about protein but
they were like you can get protein from
greens so yes I was certainly can
so that was that no you can get protein
from you just don't get the same amount
no but then there's a question of like
how much protein do you really need
that's the big debate yeah big debate
yeah it's kind of
like what bacon the member when bacon
was like dying and then they somebody
came up with me make it like you have to
have it on burgers and it did didn't it
so what they did then bacon like K
Maggie well they were people weren't
really messing with it then ate well
people thought bacon was bad for you for
a long time bats were bad for you and so
like the idea of having bacon is
delicious but it's gonna kill you like
you're gonna have a heart attack choking
on that piece of bacon everybody thought
that um there was a that dr. Shaun Baker
had that carnivore MD guy he he wrote
something about a study there was there
something about a study that was
released on people who don't eat meat in
the correlation between mental disorders
and their issues in sadness there's some
I don't know if I might have made part
of that up but there's something about
it like people who just who don't eat
meat that have some mental issues say
you take on do you find that Jamie the
stress of the it wasn't bro I'm just
talking about science where people eat
and what people believe are very
personal things right oh yeah right and
politics you wanna clear a room yeah
right and that crazy but the eat part is
recent is recent right everybody ate
everything vegan up until 30 years ago
everybody everything yeah well but
that's because I believe we didn't have
to we had a smaller population so to
stretch it you don't know like the milk
my mom drank is not the same milk
they'll be drinking so because you gotta
feed more people more people that
drinking milk so that's part of it for
sure
another part of is they want to make
more money yes they want to be able to
make more milk be able to pump it out
quicker pump it out quicker I'm gonna
tell you man class mice to drive all
over the country I never saw two cows
fuckin ever I always see cows don't see
him fucking and everybody eating I was
like that can't all be calm and came out
making enough on the most ridiculous
science like I drove by never saw
anybody fuckin it's not real
really hurt the flatten that's nice
planet to me yes meat and mental health
a systemic review of absent ation
depression anxiety and related phobias
so what'd you think yeah okay the
majority studies especially if
higher-quality studies show that those
who avoided meat consumption had
significantly higher rates or risk of
depression anxiety and or self-harm
behaviors there was mixed evidence for
temporal relations but study designs and
a lack of rigor precluded inferences of
casual relations yeah one study does not
support meat avoidance as a strategy to
benefit psychological health well yeah
because our study room you beat you said
you beat yourself up you have you do
feel guilty if you ever live a little a
whole life of eating meat and then you
try not to eat meat and then you go then
you go crazy no I don't know I was doing
a whole crazy part but I get you feeling
guilty in it's tough to change your diet
yeah is is not eating that way is not
supported it's starting to get more
supported but eating raw you mean that's
not nobody really says that but like
eating vegan
yeah vegan the whole vegan industry to
be on meat world and it's nice the way
they f PS made a P protein like all of
that stuff is like like the stock went
through the roof yeah yeah the thing the
thing that freaks me out the most about
the animal kingdom is not just that we
are able to justify stuffing as many as
we can into a warehouse and yeah and
making them shit on top of each other
and then eating them and that that's
just one crazy thing about it
the other crazy thing about it is what
they do to each other yeah man I'm I'm
obsessed with wildlife videos like wild
my videos were animals are eating every
day every day I watch a cheetah take out
some kind of a gazelle or a crocodile
ate someone's dog I watched the other
day in Australia the dog pulled up on
this foot these people are screaming at
the top of their lungs and the crocodile
gets their dogs snap and just drag them
into the water
and they are fucking screaming and
crying I am fascinated by those
fascinates you about this thing well
it's what we're doing it's fucked up for
sure yeah
but what they're doing each other's
fucked up too it's just a different kind
of fucked up they're fucked up is
instantaneous right if you need an
animal they find it they bite it with
their face they dragon in the water you
didn't swallow it and that's their
fucked up and we just kind of accept
that as a part of nature right our
fucked up is weird our fucked up is
we've figured out metal and boxes and we
figured out cages when we've stuffed
that chicken in this fucking little box
and make them shit on the other chicken
and we figured it out we figured out how
to do whatever the fuck we want if you
want eggs for a dollar a dozen
that's what it's gonna take in order for
this company to make any fucking money
so they just they figured out how to do
it you know when I saw this video it's
sort of really making sense to me I saw
this video of baboons that were raising
puppies yeah bro it's crazy
these these baboons that steal these
dogs and then keep these puppies they
keep them near by the camp because the
puppies will bark whenever things are
coming close so they feed them they keep
them nearby and they basically have pets
so these baboons this crazy video these
babies was just grabbing this puppy by
it's like they're rough with them you
know they don't have any idea of
compassion right so they don't give a
fuck they're banging this puppy off
rocks and shit dragging them behind him
and then just set him the puppy's like
trying to get away and just like sit the
fuck down and he gives them some food
and the baboons just hanging out with
this puppy and then raises it and then
uses these dogs that they stole to guard
the perimeter
yes yeah so aminals
do we like why didn't it just eat the
puppy right no because it wanted a pet
animals do weird shit too like the the
with their there's just a bunch of
systems that are trying to compete
against other systems like the cysts the
deer system versus the mountain lion
system the deer system is we just got to
keep fucking and keep moving big things
and if they fuck too much and there's
too many of them and now that we're done
we gotta just keep fucking and keep
moving and the mountain lion system is
everyday I gotta kill a deer with my
face right every day I got a fine one I
got a sneak up and get close enough this
fast ass thing with swords growing out
of his head to grab them by the neck and
drag them down into the woods these
systems they're all horrific outcomes
right predator and prey systems there
all of them are horrific
all of them are horrific is just a new
kind of horrific we also like outlive
all those oh yeah live the fuck out them
so we no real guilt yeah you kill
someone when you're four do you really
even understand what you just did right
and your life expectancy is seven right
four-year-old lion has probably killed a
million things tiger thing did you watch
it
[Music]
another time not during a quarantine I
need it to be okay for me to like enjoy
it but it seemed hilarious cuz they were
open up but with the with the call
saying that that ladies you're gonna
want to prosecute that lady out yeah all
right just
it's just wore me out man way to way out
yeah it wore me out
so I thinking when happier times I'll
totally be hauled in today I'm serious
like I literally it's in my queue I'm
going back it's just it's a good show
for the apocalypse yeah yeah yeah yeah
because it represents the folly of human
beings what we could be at our most
preposterous you know I mean gay guy who
raises Tiger very straight guys the
algae method shoot guns one guy
accidentally shoots himself in the head
the other guy decides that he's not gay
what but this is madness that is a wild
ass show of real people and you you
really couldn't make something like that
fake you maybe like the Coen brothers
could do it you know the old brother
where art thou type deal think you kind
of make it kind of create somebody like
Joe exciting but it's almost like better
because it's real it's better yeah
she's better if it was you but I
couldn't happen yeah and the other guy
who runs the sex cult and and then Carol
and her husband our husbands dressed up
with a rope around his neck he went
missing I hate it I hate this guy we
miss it no big deal I mean definitely
didn't do it something she feeds me to
cats every fucking day he was worth
millions whatever whatever
Carol fucking basket
yeah god damn what a show do you think
you could marry somebody whose first
husband oh my god sign up for that well
the kind of guy that would be into that
there's some guys that would be into
that they're similar to like girls who
like get into serial killers oh right
there's girls that are really they they
like email serial killers and they're in
love with them they want to marry him
after the court oh yeah like right like
no EPROM out there I think there's a
weird obsession with this it's a small
percentage of the people after I've got
high and thought about this yes I think
it has to doing about it for the first
time now would I
with back in the day if you were a
murderer if you were like and if you
could befriend a murderer like you would
you would be more protected oh that's
interesting
yeah is you know someone has done it
before they won't talk out of something
we need well that's what women are I
think a lot of women are really
terrified of is if confronted with the
real adversity how will their man hold
up if you're a woman you ain't 90 pounds
and you have a husband that's twice your
size like literally a hundred and eighty
pounds normal that happens all the time
but if he's a bitch and he folds and
you're like left they're like oh my god
like no one's gonna stop anything from
happening me or stop anything we're
saying rude things to me and five you're
not protected and this mean people out
there right if you're a woman you
stumble into some mean people that are
saying rude lurid shit to you no one's
there to protect you
and you got to walk back to your car and
you're wondering
holy fuck I get no that sounds like a
fun game show did you marry a bitches
husband because a lot of divorces we
just dudes out there that don't even
know that they're bitches cuz they
haven't really been tested they don't
know and I think most people believe
they're gonna do way better than they
will in real times of struggle I think
most people believe they're gonna do way
better than they actually will because
we actually boxing ring in the club but
that's a different thing right that's
like a guy with technique yeah if you
got a guy would technique in front of
you and you know not a boxer fuck you
got like a few seconds to get lucky as
you charge and maybe might clinch and
throw a punch two cracks and hurt them
it's possibly be maybe it's more likely
gonna get boxed up yeah yeah and
jiu-jitsu is even worse and jiu-jitsu
it's a hundred percent because there's
no lucky shots you can't break a bone
practicing yeah I broke my foot my rib
my hand my nose is destroyed yeah I
broke my nose so many times that my nose
was useless it was useless it didn't
work I only had like one quarter of one
nostril that was open and I had a
nasally tone to be I didn't realize I
was listening to and watching an old
fear factor once other than my
horrifying choice of wardrobe and
inescapable accent that I still had I
was doing how nasally my voice was
because I couldn't breathe out of my
nose it was useless broke so rib I had
two ACL surgeries both knees that's
that's it though that's not too bad when
you if you do like jujitsu ins
particularly like most people just
accept the fact that there's a
possibility of injury it's like it could
happen you could go a year without
getting injured or right it's not like
going and taking a yoga class
we pretty safe it's too much random wild
shits happened and why people are trying
to kill each other I was gonna set up
what you did see you'd be great at it
would I be so big how tall you six five
long ass arms do you choke the fuck out
of people all the leverage yeah yeah the
leverage from your arms and your legs
would be so spectacular
how would it transform me as a human
being oh you would lose a lot of weight
and you a shit ton of confidence yeah
you just have to go about it very
technically they think that I when I
started I was I was younger and dumber
okay and I went at it like aggressively
like I went at other martial arts when I
was younger I just want to do them as
hard as I could as fast I could
what jujitsu really it's about technique
and the more strength you have one of
the problems is you could substitute
technique for that strength like the
best jujitsu players the guys to learn
from the best are the guys were small
humans they're smaller people like 80
Bravo is a smaller guy it's when the
reasons is such a great instructor Hoyer
Gracie is another of famous super
technical jujitsu guy was a smaller guy
there's like a series of guys like that
all over the country and Jeff Glover's
another one these smaller guys because
they're smaller they have to rely on
this spectacular technique so you learn
from them so you never really want to
rely on your strength it's it's it it'll
stop you from getting better and in fact
it'll stop you from achieving like the
perfect the right technical level so you
just keep getting better and better at
it and then when you get to a certain
point like if you're gonna fight with a
guy like a while fighting a guy if a guy
just knows how to throw a punch and he's
fast and he's a strong guy he might
punch you and he might fuck you up it
might happen it can happen whenever
you're throwing knuckles with people
especially in a chaotic environment it's
it's possible here's what's not possible
I don't care who you if you don't know
how to grapple at all and someone like
hoist Gracie clinches you and drags you
to the ground you're a fuck's Ville your
fucks Ville 100% of the times 100 one
zero zero your fucks Ville your fucks
Ville he's gonna choke you a hundred
percent one
and he'll do that to people that know
jiu-jitsu so when you get to a point
like a guy like Hicks and Gracie or my
instructor John Jacques Machado he can
do that to people that are experts in
jiu-jitsu so there's like so many levels
it's a crazy thing to learn and you're
built for it man being so tall and long
yeah also you're a smart dude who like
you say you like economics he's like
figure well if this happens and that
yeah yeah jiu-jitsu is just like that
yeah Hellsing Gracie was another famous
jiu-jitsu practitioner he was asked to
describe jiu-jitsu any slide I'm on a
paraphrase this I might fuck it up he
said he said it was basically like I
move and then you move and then I move
and then you move forever forever
description so if you realize how good
helsing is that it becomes a terrifying
expression because it's like eventually
I'm gonna get you bitch yes fuck up
you're gonna get tired you're gonna be
using too much strength and you're gonna
get exhausted just like those boxers so
we're throwing punches and they get
tired and the other guy would piece them
up but it's gonna be even more horrific
because you're never gonna be able to
accomplish anything you're just gonna
slowly wear out you guys just gonna keep
attacking you and you keep pushing them
off you and he's gonna keep attacking
you and you keep exploding and he's
gonna keep attacking it and eventually
and then he's just gonna dominate you
he's just gonna control you you'd be
great at it dude it'd be good for you
yeah it'd be really good for you all
right what I have to be in there with
kids when I first act here's how strong
jujitsu is there was a woman named she
still exists name's Felicia oh she's a
friend of mine she's a black belt from
jean-jacques Machado's she's super
technical and she weighs Felicia's very
strong which weighs about maybe 135
pounds and there was a guy named Seymour
butts - Seymour butts with the porn star
who had a TV show on Showtime and he had
this idea pretty bold of him really he's
brave to do this you just decided I'm
gonna do like a jujitsu match well I've
never taken jujitsu before but I'm gonna
spar
with a woman and see what happens and
this girl just fucked she but she it was
she's a leet man she's really good she
good yeah she teaches people yeah she
also works for the California State
Athletic Commission so I get to see her
at UFC events often times in there in
California she's awesome but she's super
technical so this guy has he was doomed
he just didn't know he was a guy he's in
really good shape he's young and fit and
pretty good body just joking leglock at
home and I don't know what she did do I
remember how many times she tapped him
or what she did it with but it was like
arm bars and triangles but again that
would happen to any man who didn't know
anything and went with her so even
though she's a woman yeah just the
technical expertise it overcomes
strength it's so for a guy like you
who's a very cerebral person who's like
these sort of puzzles and figures things
out it's one of the reasons why your
comedy is so good you're an excellent at
like economy of words and setting things
up in a mysterious way and then dropping
punch eyes that's jiu-jitsu it's they're
similar I like that I think there's a
lot of things like that in this life
they're similar yeah there's little
things that you you learn like little
ways to move around things that advance
through these these games and systems
and you can apply that to all these
other different things and you could
apply a team into comedy yeah that's
what I was I was just thinking like we
were talking about another approach but
that's that's that's what I got from
notebooks to just how everybody
approaches we have the same goal to make
somebody laugh but we approach it
differently
yeah something that's so enticing to me
like how everyone approaches the craft
in their own way
I was super awkward when I first started
out because I didn't have any background
really in anything performing arts
related or even music yeah you know so I
was super awkward and how to how to
present myself and how to dress and you
know how to act in yeah yeah because
people who have knowledge of that they
do have a different level of execution
yeah and and and like I know people who
can sing they say things in like a more
memorable way like
just remember it but they're not
technically trying to sing yeah you know
like you remember their phrases or their
hooks or whatever it is you know because
this is like a musicality to their
performance you just you know that's a
thing you figure out - yeah is that it's
not just and this is something with
podcasts I think as well it's not just
the words it there's something to how
you say the words and some people are
not good at that so you don't think of
it as being an important part of the
kind of ignore it because you're
concentrating on writing or you're
concentrating on whatever your look but
there's a there's a thing in how you say
the word that gets into people's brains
better yes then if you're clunky you
know and you I've been clunky we've all
been clunky when you listen to old
recordings you know there's moments we
like what's it's a lot of times because
you're trying to figure out the best way
to do it on the spot in real life and
that shit takes
especially with a complicated bit it
should take a long time to work out the
details
especially with yeah yeah the more
personal you are - yeah but when you get
it I don't want to say this bit either
your bit your bit about your son fucking
it's one of those bits where you just go
god dammit
when someone builds a beautiful house
you just go oh shit look at that Wow we
got to do something with it man when
when when everything gets rolling again
I think we all need to realize like hey
you can't wait for shit no cuz this can
happen now that we know that this could
happen he doesn't even feel real here we
are we know it's real right we know it's
real we know you just got an antibody
test we know we can't really go anywhere
we can't go to restaurants everything's
closed no comedy we know it's real but
it still doesn't feel real doesn't feel
real
that's how weird life is yeah in the
moment baby you don't know what's next
you don't know what snacks in the moment
in the moment welcome to in the moment
with Owen and Joe welcome says through
fundings please contact
website fronted a moment into the moment
there's a that's a style of radio that
you would get I was when I was
delivering newspapers I would listen to
all things King was all things - yeah he
was something on NPR and National Public
Radio and they were so calm yeah the way
they were talk yeah it was so calm I
don't know if was All Things Considered
if I listen to that later I feel like
that was way later but it was a whatever
it's it whatever those old school I talk
radio that's what I knew I was ready to
get married when I like listen in the
talk radio what I want to hear people
talk I'm ready for a wife bro nobody
gets more riled up than white dudes who
listen to conservative talk radio those
Michael Savage fans those kind of guys
Rush Limbaugh let's think about how that
happened like how did that room how did
that one genre yeah that hardcore
right-wing like did that go real angry
it's like angry oh it's like oh yeah
yeah yeah it's like a genre of music
like you know how there's like hardcore
rap yeah there's metal
yeah you know there's like this
right-wing talk yeah it's like yes right
it kind of is and let me talk to like
energy are here welcome welcome to our
show yeah we're gonna tell you about a
new scientific experiment that shows
that there are no such thing as genders
their right wing to gender is a
construct yeah there's a way that they
talk there's a calmness to the way they
explain things and lay things out that
make you seem like there's no I'm beg
you to ambiguity there's no question
whether or not they're right yeah and
here's why and then they always has for
money
yes coronavirus did not come from a lab
it's a dangerous conspiracy and here's
what's why we talked to and they always
have an expert are you sure I like it
man
I'm coming I'm into it I feel good I'm
into
because I grew up listening to my
favorite is like hip-hop stations cuz
they're always very excited right put
your hands up like all right and I love
that energy too but then you get to age
like I just wanted some people just
talking just to talk normal voice yeah
she's talk normal quiet I want to fuck
you voice yeah that's what that really
is I want to fuck you voice but I'm I'm
low-key about it hello yes hello
yes I love wine I would do if I had to
so MPI would you do it what I do I be
guest you know purposely do like an
onion version of NPR I love it because I
I'm a sucker I'm all in all animals are
equal yeah oh we've talked to some
animals yes we feel like they're all
equal I do want to do a parody of of an
NPR show because they because now they
plays like dramatic music and shit when
they tell stories like and you'll be
listening to it and then I'm like in
then no no I'm confusing with the daily
radio lab and NPR show was radio lab put
together by NPR Daily Show made a
dramatic music oh yeah and then Whitney
just told me about the daily she said
she's posted so he's great here are
three things you need to know what's
likely WNYC WNYC was the fake radio
station of news radio
yeah me too when I was when that news
radios had come New York Public Radio so
national public mmm it's so tiny and PR
but it's something like that it's some
kind of public rated cousins yeah that's
that's a great show you're listening
radio lab no holy shit I said I get
angry at Bryan Callen cuz he would tell
me something as if he had liked gotten
it from a book you gotta go bitch I
listened to that same radio lab hit me
with some scientific facts about what
happened in World War two I go I listen
to radio lab to bitch stop damn it yeah
I know Brian why you pretending right /
to be smart
I say read and I really mean listen
right
yeah I was wondering I was gonna ask you
that can you say that technically I do a
lie it's a lie it's a dirty lie in there
I read this book I never cracked the
fucking page this is the book on Charles
Manson the CIA this guy Tom O'Neill yeah
yeah I had him on the podcast last week
bro this guy spent 20 years researching
this book 20 years 20 it's it's the
craziest story just of how the book are
created but the story itself is bonkers
they think that Charles Manson was a CIA
asset and that they had let him get away
with being released from parole being he
was on parole and he got arrested just
let him out of jail like multiple times
and they had this the same LSD studies
they were running Haight Ashbury
in San Francisco he went to that same
clinic the people that did mind-control
that there were a part of MKULTRA that
were feeding people LSD and trying to
control their mind I manipulate their
psychology they're all connected to him
and they kept letting him go they want
they were studying him they wanted to
see they wanted to diminish the hippie
movement and they want to study what
it's like when you get some fucking
madman who's spent half of his life in
penitentiary and you give my ton of LSD
and then him fuck all the hippies he
wants holy shit dude it's a nutty book
man oh it was not T and he details at
all like stuff there's more than 50
pages of references at the end of this
book citations and references Zhou likes
heavily documented it's crazy is it
gonna be a movie that one fuck you up
Jamie that would fuck a listing to the
book I'm chapter 2:11 12 I just got
there all the MKULTRA stuff she is crazy
it's crazy did you get through the one
where he was discussing about the guy
who they think they fed LSD to and
programmed him to go kill that kid oh
did you get to that one he talked about
it on the podcast I might have been I
might be right there yeah fuck dude
that's crazy they did all kinds of
experiments on people in the 60s and 70s
they just tried shit on people man we
were showing a video of these British
soldiers
from 1964 yeah but they gave acid to and
they just let them run around the field
with fucking guns and they're laughing
and falling down and giggling shit you
can watch the video there's a video it's
online the fuck would a sit I have yeah
I mean but I'm not taking it with a gun
no with a bunch of other troops no not
only that like you're relying on those
guys to keep it together on how good is
this Mike Tyson weed is amazing this is
the stone Owen Smith look at you I know
maybe it's legal it's legal when we're
in California oh my god
oh no tell me you're not breaking the
law it's the same as having whiskey
isn't it funny it's like the whiskey
part no problem soon as you bust out the
weed like wow they do it really good
it's really good so what's your
estimation when we're gonna get out of
this you gotta guess next year next year
because nothing is gonna be out and then
the resurgence mm-hmm be a second wave
yeah yeah next year I feel like this
time next year that dude who said we
have all been vaccinated there what's
that mean I wish I knew was he talking
him I wish I knew he was joking around
or not I mean he might have been yeah
I'm pretty adamant that he wasn't but
I'm an idiot
he might've been joking around it didn't
sound like he was getting around it
something he had a command of it in it
didn't sound like he was joking around
but I don't know that dude's personality
right that might be that thing that he
does you know I mean like countin does a
lot of that Hey sake jokes that sound
like statements it does not all the time
you know he's a funny I mean you know
like you said though too because like
what's next you know is there gonna be a
gap between what this is it was next
yeah um provided that there is nothing
next I feel like next year just because
we even know how they're talking about
how you can go to concerts but just
you're up six six feet apart right and
that's not gonna stop about the end of
this year that's gonna be something that
you know unless they do come up with a
vaccine or some sort of a really really
efficient treatment right like some sort
of statement yeah and and but I do think
it I mean they're hinting at saying it
helps if you're healthier if you do work
out and all the things that we as a
collective society should have been
doing right may start to take precedence
so but I feel like as far as what our
livelihood is concerned about performing
in front of people again I feel like
next year because it's two-sided it's us
wanting to be on stage and in the
audience for the safe being in Jesus
that something is wrong next year I
think how many people are gonna fall
apart
how are Comets gonna make a living a
guys who are doing the road like metal
acts that's a great question I know man
like we don't know yet right now
everybody's sort of floating right yeah
it's been a month and everybody's like
whoa yeah everyone's just sort of
floating like what what happens those
people that were they had a system they
were doing good then all sudden the rug
gets pulled out from under them I do
have some answers what they need to do
brother Joe yeah I think they sector
checking it you can I don't know man
people that have you ever been contacted
about doing anything online being funny
online those things are preposterous
I don't I want to donate I'll give you
money right I know they're trying to
raise money I'll just give you money
clusterfuck I'd love to do a show once
we were back I'll do shows for free I'd
be happy to do that yeah be happy to do
a bunch of shows I want to be eight as
well as like donate I heard yeah I'd
love to be able to if someone had a
problem I'd love to be able to sell out
the comedy story yeah give them that
money yeah it's a nice feeling too cuz
there shows that you do where you it
benefits people there's an extra nice
feeling so you get the nice feeling of
the show yeah doing your bits the bits
make everybody laugh yeah oh that nice
feeling and then you get the nice
feeling of that all went to a good thing
feels great man charity shows like my
favorite shows because of this the way
they make you feel yeah like this is
cool we all got together made some money
for this charity and had fun and then it
helps the money goes to a good cause
yeah we should do a lot of those men I'm
down I'm down to do them all the time
yeah we should do them I should probably
probably figure out one to do a week
once we get cracking again
yeah and just do one a week that's just
a benefit for for something we'll figure
something out yeah the day I could sell
out something off my name that's not
gonna be far as soon as people see ya
you're in a weird position man well you
have this incredible act but people
don't know it's it's a sneaky thing
because once you pop the hardest part
it's being funny like you've got that
yeah it's like you just spent so much
time writing you know yeah well you
spend so much time where you're in the
machine and not just fully dedicated
different out there as a comic what if
somebody wants to but if the network
wants to pick up notebooks should I do
it
oh should I stay on YouTube if they want
to give you money do it okay it's like
there's enough money but you could
definitely do whatever you want if it's
on YouTube and it should probably make
some money once people become more aware
of it people start downloading a lot of
them too funny man it's like it's also
everybody's got something yeah from when
they started and everyone cash and it's
good for people to see that you know
people that you see with like our full
Netflix special now at one point time
were terrible garbage but that's how you
get better at it you got to keep doing
it and there's no other way around it
that's one of the things that I like
about it is in a lot of ways comedies a
real meritocracy yes like if people
laugh if they enjoy your stuff
absolutely then it works and then it
continues and you keep people keep
coming to your shows and you keep having
fun yeah there's a reward to that kind
of a thing especially when you don't
have any collaborators just putting it
together yourself yeah but now we'll
appreciate it more yeah that's very true
I appreciate it I just hope that clubs
will be here when everything said and
done you know that's the real scary
thing is how many of these businesses
are gonna go under exists yeah yeah well
plan on doing a lot of free shows all
right let's run man always brother
always yeah Oh Owen Smith TV on
subscribe
it shows called the no books no books no
ladies it's not like that take that you
can't take that name what is your all
your instrument
Owen com2 uh text me literally and then
Owen Smith for real on everything else
beautiful thanks sir pleasure my brother
bhai everybody invite
[Music]